                                                                                            OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED
                                                                                                  CIN - L74999KA2017PLC099619
                                                                                  (Formerly known as Ola Electric Mobility Private Limited)


Date: September 08, 2026

To,                                                                To,
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,                             BSE Limited
Address: Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra                      Address: Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051,                          Dalal Street Mumbai- 400001,
Maharashtra, India.                                                Maharashtra, India.
NSE Scrip Symbol: OLAELEC                                          BSE Scrip Code: 544225

Subject: Notice of 09th Annual General Meeting and Annual Report for the FY 2025-26

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
we wish to inform you that 09th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of Ola Electric Mobility Limited
(“Company”) is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, September 30, 2026 at 04:30 P.M (IST) through Video
Conference/ Other Audio-Visual Means (VC/ OAVM) in accordance with the applicable circulars issued by
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’).

Please find enclosed herewith a copy of Notice of 09th AGM along with Annual Report for the FY 2025-26
which is being sent through electronic mode to those shareholders whose email ids are registered with the
Company/ Depositories/ Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA).

Further, a letter providing the web-link to access the said AGM Notice and Annual Report, are being sent to
those Members who have not registered their email addresses.

The AGM Notice and the Annual Report can also be accessed on the website of the Company at
https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/financials


We request you to take the same on record.

Thanking You,
Yours faithfully,
For and on behalf of Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Deepak Digitally signed by
        Deepak Rastogi

Rastogi 22:02:23 +05'30'
        Date: 2026.09.08



Deepak Rastogi
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru




   Registered Address: Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Industrial Layout, Koramangala,
            Bengaluru – 560095, Karnataka, India | Landline: 080-35440050 | companysecretary@olaelectric.com | www.olaelectric.com
          ELECTRIC



A N N U A L R E P O R T  


        2 0 2 5 - 2 6
RESET.

REINFORCE.

SCALE.
A year of strengthening the core. A platform built to convert
engineering depth into durable economics - and mobility into a broader
energy opportunity.


Built to endure. Ready to scale.




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   01
Particulars




CORPORATE OVERVIEW               Financial Statement



                                 147   Consolidated Financial
Statutory Reports
                                       Statements


23   Board’s Report
                                 237   Standalone Financial

                                       Statements
58   Management Discussion

     and Analysis
                                 313   Notice


69   Corporate Governance

     Report



98   Business Responsibility &

     Sustainability Report




02
Our Manifesto

If you are going to dream, 
make it an impossible one. 
And then, make it happen.

If you are traveling new paths, 
be up for doing it alone.

If you’re proud of where you are from, 
make where you’re from proud of you.

If you’re going to compete, 
start where everybody else finishes.

If you’re looking for a reaction, 
don’t settle for anything less than “woah!”

If you’re going to start something, 
start something new. 
The world doesn’t need another thing 
just like the other thing.

And if you are looking for the 

future, stop looking. Make it.




                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   03
One Year. Four Stages. One Stronger Platform.
FY25 established the technology, products and manufacturing infrastructure required to participate in India's electric
transition. FY26 focused on strengthening the operating model behind that platform - improving service, product
economics, cost discipline, cash generation and Cell-manufacturing readiness.




  Q1 FY26 - PIVOT                                              Q2 FY26 - PROOF
  The Company shifted from growth at any cost to               Consolidated gross margin increased to 30.9%. The
  balanced and profitable growth. Gen 3 scaled,                Automotive business demonstrated improving operating
  consolidated gross margin reached 25.8%, and actions         economics, while HyperService and the 2.5 GWh Cell
  began to reduce operating expenditure and cash burn.         platform moved into execution.




                                                                                                                             Q1 FY
  Q3 FY26 - RESET                                              Q4 FY26 - TRACTION
  Service recovery became the foremost operating priority.     Consolidated gross margin reached 38.5%, the quarter
  Retail and cost structures were redesigned, the 4680         generated positive consolidated cash flow from operations,
  Bharat Cell entered commercial deployment, and Ola           service metrics improved materially, and installation
  Shakti broadened the addressable market beyond Mobility.     required for the 6 GWh Cell platform was largely completed.




04
FutureFactory
Built for Scale. Engineered for Advantage

Futurefactory is where Ola Electric’s technology, manufacturing and product platforms come together - turning
engineering into products at scale

Located at the heart of Ola Electric’s manufacturing ecosystem, the Futurefactory was built with a clear objective:
create a manufacturing platform capable of moving with the speed of technology and the scale of India.



From groundbreaking to first production in just eight months, the facility represents a manufacturing model designed
around speed, integration and scalability. Today, it has an installed production capacity of 1 million electric two-
wheelers annually, with a modular architecture designed to support significantly higher scale.



But the Futurefactory is more than capacity.

Its value lies in how product engineering, technology ownership and manufacturing come together within one
integrated system. This allows new product architectures and engineering improvements to move rapidly from design
to industrialisation - while common platforms and vertically integrated technologies help create a structurally efficient
cost base.

Manufacturing at the speed of innovation.

As our portfolio expands across scooters, motorcycles and future mobility formats, the Futurefactory gives us the
flexibility to adapt manufacturing around changing products, segments and customer needs.

Instead of creating an entirely new manufacturing system for every product, common architectures and modular
platforms allow us to reuse engineering, manufacturing processes and infrastructure across multiple products. That
makes the factory not only a production asset, but a platform for the next generation of Ola products.

1 Million                                   8 Months                                   India's Largest
Annual e2W                                  From groundbreaking to                     e2W manufacturing
production capacity                         first production                           facility




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          05
The Advantage behind the scale
A Manufacturing Platform That Compounds

A manufacturing platform designed for speed, flexibility and structural cost advantage.

The FutureFactory is designed as a flexible manufacturing platform - connecting in-house technology, common
product architectures and vertically integrated manufacturing to support multiple products without rebuilding the
manufacturing base each time

Integrated by Design
In-house ownership of core technologies enables product engineering and manufacturing to evolve together -
improving control over quality, cost and execution.

Flexible by Architecture
Modular platforms allow the same manufacturing ecosystem to serve different products, segments and price points
- helping accelerate time to market.

Efficient at Scale
Platform commonality, vertical integration and localised sourcing create structural cost advantages while supporting
capital-efficient growth.

Deep vertical integration combined with localised sourcing helps reduce dependencies across critical components
and improves control over the manufacturing value chain




06
GigaFactory

Researching, Engineering and Manufacturing in India


From cell technology to energy infrastructure, the Ola Gigafactory is building a platform designed to power mobility
today and a broader energy ecosystem tomorrow


The Ola Gigafactory represents a strategic step in deepening our vertical integration - taking battery technology
from research and product development into commercial-scale manufacturing.




Built in less than 18 months from first pillar to first cell, the facility has reached 6 GWh of installed capacity,
supported by over ₹3,000 crore of gross block. Its modular architecture has been designed for further expansion,
while supporting multiple cell chemistries and form factors on a common manufacturing platform.

But scale alone is not the differentiator.




The deeper advantage lies in the technology behind the factory. Ola owns the product and process IP in-house,
backed by a 400+ member team and more than 350 patents filed. This allows cell design, manufacturing processes
and end-product integration to evolve together - strengthening control over performance, cost and localisation.




From validation to industrial scale




FY26 marked an important transition for the cell business - from developing and validating the Bharat Cell to
integrating in-house cells into mobility products and building the foundation for new energy applications.




Our cell platform is being engineered beyond a single chemistry or form factor. The roadmap extends across NMC,
LFP, LMFP, sodium and solid-state technologies, while leveraging a common 46-series architecture.

At the heart of this manufacturing platform is our dry-electrode process, designed to reduce manufacturing
intensity compared with conventional wet-electrode processes. The benefits including lower capex, lower factory
footprint and significantly lower energy usage.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          07
One Cell platform. Multiple opportunities
The Gigafactory provides a common technology and manufacturing base for products spanning electric mobility,
household storage, distributed commercial infrastructure and large-format energy storage. Across these
applications, the platform brings together Cell technology, battery-management systems, power electronics,
thermal management, software and system integration.

Mobility
Ola's mobility portfolio spans electric scooters and motorcycles across value and performance segments.
Progressive integration of in-house NMC and LFP Cells is intended to strengthen control over battery performance,
range, cost and supply, while allowing the same core vehicle architecture to serve different customer requirements.

Shakti: homes and distributed infrastructure
The Shakti portfolio extends the Cell platform into distributed energy storage. At the household level, it addresses
power backup for houses and storage alongside rooftop-solar connections. Larger Shakti formats extend the
portfolio to telecom towers, petrol pumps, quick-commerce dark stores and other distributed retail and commercial
infrastructure, where reliable backup power and lower dependence on conventional systems are important
operating requirements.

Mahashakti: commercial, industrial and utility storage
Mahashakti extends the portfolio into larger systems for data centres, factories and independent power producers,
as well as renewable-energy integration and other commercial, industrial and utility-scale applications. Together,
Shakti and Mahashakti take the same technology platform from individual homes to distributed infrastructure and
large energy users.

External Cell applications
Beyond Ola's own mobility and storage products, the Company is developing external Cell-sales opportunities across
global automotive and industrial OEMs, defence, UAVs and other strategic applications. For defence and UAV
applications, energy density, reliability, safety and domestic supply security are critical. As the only commercial
lithium-ion Cell producer based in India, Ola can support a more locally anchored supply chain for these national-
security-linked applications.




08
                                                                                        ’
In less than a decade, Ola Electric has evolved from an ambitious startup to India s category de    -   fining EV
platform.
                     -                                         -                    ’
From building world class infrastructure to launching full stack technology, we ve moved with intentional

speed, each milestone laying the foundation for the next   .


Here’s how the future took shape:

     2017:


             Ola Electric founded




     2021:


             Inaugurated the Ola Futurefactory in Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu


             Launched the Ola S1 electric scooter


     2022:


             Introduced MoveOS, our proprietary vehicle operating system


             Battery Innovation Centre (BIC) was established



     2023:


             Launched the S1 Air and S1 Pro (Gen2)



     2024:

             Launched the S1 X portfolio


             Commissioned Gigafactory Phase 1(a)


             Listed on Indian stock exchanges



     2025:


             Produced 51,000+ Bharat Cells during trial phase


             Introduced the Gen 3 scooter platform


             Launched    Roadster series, entering the electric motorcycle market

     2026:


             Commercial deployment of the 4680 Bharat Cell
             The launch of Ola Shakti
             6 GWh installation completed




                                                                                    ANN     UAL REPORT 2025-26      9
                                                                                                                    0
FY26 at a glance
Consolidated, ₹ crore unless otherwise stated.




2,253                                            (1,833)                 (775)
Revenue from operations                          Loss after tax          Operating cash flow
FY25: 4,514                                      FY25: (2,276)           FY25: (2,391)




7,788                                            3,351                   3    0.6%
Total assets                                     Total equity            Gross Margin
FY25: 11,075                                     FY25: 5,143                     .%
                                                                         FY25: 17 9




   46
2, 7                                               6
                                                 1 82
      b
Total orrowings                                  Opex
FY25: 3,043                                      FY25: 2,545




Financial Pattern: Lower Revenue, Stronger Economics

Despite a 50.1% contraction in revenue, FY26 consolidated gross margin expanded to 30.6% from 17.9% in FY25,
demonstrating a material improvement in product economics. Cash flow from operations improved from an outflow
of ₹2,391 crore in FY25 to an outflow of ₹775 crore in FY26, while free cash flow improved from an outflow of ₹3,367
crore to an outflow of ₹1,492 crore. The Company therefore exited the year at a lower revenue base, but with
stronger margins, lower cash burn and a more efficient operating structure.

The Gen 3 platform also reduced recurring service requirements. Warranty cost for Gen 3 was approximately 70%
lower than Gen 2, while total warranty cost declined from ₹555 crore in FY25 to ₹59 crore in FY26. These
improvements demonstrate the impact of product maturity and service redesign on both customer outcomes and
unit economics.




01
10
Deliveries      FY 2026   173,787
unit
                FY 2025   3,59,221

                FY 2024   3,29,618

                FY 2023   1,56,251


Market Shares   FY 2026   11.61
in %
                FY 2025   29.9

                FY 2024   34.8

                FY 2023   21.0



Revenue         FY 2026   2,253
₹ crore
                FY 2025   4,514

                FY 2024   5,010

                FY 2023   2,631



Auto Gross
     FY 2026   30.4
Margin
in %            FY 2025   17.9

                FY 2024   12.6

                FY 2023   2.3



Auto EBITDA
    FY 2026   (28.6)
Margin
in %            FY 2025   (27.9)

                FY 2024   (18.0)

                FY 2023   (47.6)




                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   11
Six Fundamentals Strengthened in FY26
FY26 can be understood through six operating fundamentals. Each one moved through the year, and each one
reinforces the others. Together they explain why the company can emerge from a lower-volume year with a stronger
operating platform.




Service                                                       Product Quality
Faster turnaround, lower backlog, better parts                Gen 3 maturity, diagnostics and a repair-led
availability and tighter daily governance improved the        service model reduced failure and warranty
ownership experience and restored operating reliability.      intensity.




  ₹                                                             ₹




Gross Margin                                                  Cost Base
Vertical integration, product architecture, pricing           Network rationalisation, lower fixed overheads,
and cost reduction drove consolidated gross                   productivity initiatives and tighter governance
margin to 30.6% for FY26 and 38.5% in Q4                      established a leaner operating platform.




                                                               4680




Cash Discipline                                               Cell Scale
Working-capital release, lower operating expenditure          The 4680 Bharat Cell entered commercial deployment,
and stronger product economics materially reduced             2.5 GWh became operational and the installation
operating cash outflow and free-cash-flow burn.               required for 6 GWh was largely completed.




The important point is not that every problem was solved. It is that the business spent the year turning each issue
into a system: service into measurable operating routines, quality into platform engineering, cost into structural
redesign, and cells into a commercial technology roadmap.




12
Gen 3 Engineering Maturity Becomes Business Quality
Gen 3 represents more than a product upgrade. Its common architecture, shared components and integrated
software reduce complexity across manufacturing, diagnostics, service and spare parts. Lower failure rates and more
efficient repairs reduce warranty and service costs, supporting stronger gross margins as volumes recover.

MoveOS and MoveOS+ extend this platform through over-the-air updates, connected diagnostics and digital
features. Together, hardware and software create a more consistent ownership experience and provide a base for
lifetime customer engagement.

A common platform creates compounding advantages.
Shared architecture, common components, software calibration and increasingly common cell integration reduce
duplication across price points. This allows different products to serve different customer needs while retaining the
same underlying technology logic.

Quality improved with every generation.
The company reported sharply lower warranty behaviour on Gen 3 relative to earlier generations. This matters
because quality compounds: fewer failures reduce service load; lower service load improves customer experience;
lower warranty cost strengthens margins; stronger margins create more headroom for product investment.

Roadster expanded the addressable market.
The Roadster family extended Ola beyond scooters and into India's much larger motorcycle category. The motorcycle
platform brought new requirements - performance, range, thermal stability and highway capability - while still
benefiting from shared engineering, software and cell platforms.

Software keeps the product moving after delivery.
MoveOS continued to differentiate the ownership experience, while software monetisation through MoveOS+
showed that the digital layer could contribute not only to features and diagnostics but also to lifetime value.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          13
Control the technology. Control the outcome.
Vertical integration has always been central to Ola Electric's strategy. FY26 showed why. When supply-chain risks,
cost pressure or product requirements changed, in-house engineering created options that an assembly-led model
would not have.

Rare-earth-free motor: resilience through engineering.
As rare-earth supply risk increased, the company accelerated an in-house ferrite motor programme. The objective
was not merely substitution; it was continuity, cost control and performance parity without depending on scarce
magnetic materials.

In-house ABS and electronics: regulation becomes an engineering
opportunity.
The ABS transition in two-wheelers created another example of technology ownership turning a regulatory
requirement into a potential cost and differentiation advantage. The same logic applies across motors, controllers,
power electronics, braking and software.

AI became an operating layer, not a demo.
By Q4, Ola's in-house AI stack was operating at production scale across sales, service and operations, handling
around two lakh connected calls per day. AI agents supported lead reactivation, multilingual engagement, test-ride
scheduling, technician productivity, registration, logistics and network governance.

Software + hardware + data create a faster feedback loop.
Owning the connected vehicle, software stack, service data and manufacturing processes allows insight to travel
faster through the company: a problem can be diagnosed in service, engineered in R&D, validated in software or
hardware and fed back into manufacturing with fewer hand-offs.




14
Bharat Cell Moves from Validation to Commercial Scale
FY26 marked the transition of the 4680 Bharat Cell from development and validation to commercial deployment.
The Company commissioned 2.5 GWh of operational Cell capacity, integrated its own Cells into vehicles and largely
completed the installation required for the 6 GWh platform.

The immediate priority is to commission and utilise the 6 GWh platform, improve yields and line stability, and deepen
own-Cell integration across the vehicle portfolio. The technology roadmap combines 4680 NMC for performance
applications with 46100 LFP for more affordable mobility and energy-storage applications.


Q1: Readiness.

Cells were ready for phased integration into vehicles. The strategic intent was clear: replace supplier cells
progressively with in-house 4680 cells, deepen control over cost and supply, and use captive auto demand to de-
risk the manufacturing ramp.



Q2: Gigawatt-scale operation.

The Gigafactory commissioned 2.5 GWh capacity and the first 4680-powered vehicles reached customers. This
turned cell manufacturing from a future capability into an operating industrial asset.



Q3: Commercial deployment.

Cell output doubled sequentially to 72,418 units and in-house 4680 cells entered commercial vehicle deployment.
The same output also powered the first pure-play energy product, Shakti.



Q4: Scale platform.

Operational capacity stood at 2.5 GWh and installation towards 6 GWh was completed. The roadmap broadened
across NMC for performance applications, LFP for mass mobility and distributed storage, and prismatic LFP for
large-format BESS.


The cell is no longer only a component. It is becoming the common technology platform
across mobility and energy.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          15
Building prosperity ecosystems
Community-owned solutions for health, livelihoods and culture

Ola Foundation works to strengthen agency, well-being and opportunity within communities. Its approach begins by
understanding local aspirations and barriers, and then co-creating interventions with women, frontline workers,
public systems and community institutions. The objective is to develop community-driven operating models that are
locally relevant, capable of being replicated and sustainable beyond individual programme cycles.



The Foundation's work is organised across three interconnected thematic areas. Health and wellness interventions
focus on preventive care, maternal and adolescent health, nutrition, anaemia and non-communicable diseases.
Livelihood programmes equip women with skills, entrepreneurial capabilities and market linkages. Culture and
heritage initiatives seek to preserve knowledge, strengthen identity and encourage women and young people to
carry India's cultural traditions forward. Technology and partnerships act as common enablers across these areas.

THREE AREAS. ONE INTEGRATED APPROACH.




16
Taking healthcare to the last mile

Moto Aarogyam and the SAHELI decision-support layer

In remote and tribal parts of Krishnagiri, access to preventive healthcare is constrained by distance, difficult terrain,
limited transport and the indirect cost of travelling to fixed facilities. Moto Aarogyam addresses this gap by taking
healthcare directly to communities. Trained field associates travel on electric scooters equipped with portable
screening kits and work alongside frontline health workers to provide blood-pressure and blood-glucose screening,
anaemia testing, maternal-health monitoring, counselling, referrals and follow-up support.



Between 27 January 2025 and 31 March 2026, Moto Aarogyam reached 30,741 people across six blocks of
Krishnagiri district. The tribal blocks of Thally and Kelamangalam accounted for 46.9% of programme reach, while
women represented 75.9% of the people served. One in four respondents said the programme provided their first
screening opportunity, and 99% requested that the service continue.



SAHELI ActiQuity AI adds a technology-enabled decision-support layer to this physical reach. Designed for frontline
health workers, the platform provides protocol-based, step-by-step guidance for conditions including anaemia,
hypertension, gestational diabetes and maternal complications. Its offline functionality, Tamil-enabled speech-to-
text interface and bilingual outputs are designed around the realities of field deployment. Together, Moto Aarogyam
and SAHELI combine mobility, point-of-care technology, community trust and decision support into an integrated
last-mile healthcare model.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           17
Ushering in a cultural renaissance
Preserving knowledge while making heritage relevant to new generations

Culture is a source of identity, dignity and continuity. Ola Foundation seeks to preserve and activate India's cultural
knowledge by making heritage accessible, participative and relevant to younger generations. During the year, the
Foundation supported more than 20 cultural-preservation projects, organised over 50 intergenerational knowledge
sessions and supported 14 students through the Jadunath Sarkar Fellowships. Cultural storytelling and traditional
knowledge were also integrated into community health, nutrition and education programmes.



The Foundation's Culture and Heritage agenda is being developed across four areas: heritage promotion through
technology; storytelling as a narrative bridge; research and innovation; and government partnerships and
community engagement. Together, these pillars encompass digitisation, interactive experiences, community-created
narratives, scholarships, art residencies, research grants, collaborative programmes and heritage trails.




PARTNERSHIPS THAT DEEPEN IMPACT


Ola Foundation collaborates with government bodies, research institutions and civil-society organisations across
public health, livelihoods, mental well-being, cultural preservation, conservation and research. Its partner ecosystem
includes the Department of Public Health and Preventive Medicine, Government of Tamil Nadu; the Ministry of Skill
Development and Entrepreneurship; the Foundation for Indian Historical and Cultural Research; the Centre for
Wildlife Studies; Nirvikalpa Integrated Therapy Foundation; Live Love Laugh; the Immunology and Arthritis Research
and Education Trust; and IIT Bombay.




18
Product Announcements After FY26
Since the close of FY26, the Company has announced new products and portfolio extensions across both mobility
and energy storage. These developments demonstrate how the common technology platform is being translated
into products for distinct customer segments.


The Company has identified opportunities of more than 35 GWh through signed, non-binding memoranda of
understanding, including an arrangement with Axis Energy for the supply of up to 20 GWh through 2032. These
opportunities represent a potential demand pipeline and do not constitute firm purchase orders or committed
revenue. The pipeline is expected to support higher utilisation of the Company’s cell-manufacturing platform as
production scales.
S1Z: bringing indigenous LFP technology to the value segment


In August 2026, the Company opened bookings for the S1Z, its most accessible scooter range, with an announced
starting price of ₹79,999. The S1Z is designed as India's first scooter range powered by Ola's indigenous Bharat Cell
LFP technology, developed at the Battery Innovation Centre and manufactured at the Gigafactory in Tamil Nadu.



The announced product offers a range of up to 301 kilometres under IDC testing together with the MoveOS 5
experience. It is also intended to be the first product range scaled through dealer-operated Ola stores. The S1Z
therefore brings together three elements of the next phase of the mobility strategy: a lower entry price, in-house
LFP integration and broader dealer-led distribution.



Extending the energy-storage product portfolio


The post-year-end product roadmap also broadens the energy-storage portfolio beyond the first Shakti product.
Shakti Gen 2 is designed in 5.2 kWh and 9.1 kWh configurations for houses, home backup, larger household loads
and rooftop-solar integration. Planned Shakti DC Block, AC Rack and Cluster products in the 50-73.6 kWh range are
intended for telecom towers, petrol pumps, quick-commerce dark stores and other distributed commercial sites.



For larger applications, the Mahashakti portfolio includes rack-based products and a 6.26 MWh containerised
system for data centres, factories, independent power producers and renewable-energy integration. The current
roadmap targets commercial launch of the rack and container products by March 2027.

The portfolio now connects affordable electric mobility, household storage, distributed infrastructure
and large-format energy systems through a common Cell and engineering platform.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          19
Board of Directors
The Minds Behind the Mission




                                               Krishnamurthy
                                             Venugopala Tenneti                           Manoj Kumar Kohli
     Bhavish Aggarwal                          Non-Executive Director                        Independent Director
         Chairman and
        Managing Director                Committee: Audit Committee, Nomination     Committee: Chairperson of Audit Committee,
                                        and Remuneration Committee, Chairperson     Chairperson of Nomination and Remuneration
                                          of Stakeholders Relationship Committee,    Committee, Risk Management Committee,
                                        Risk Management Committee, Chairperson       Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
                                              of Corporate Social Responsibility
                                                        Committee,




          Arun Sarin                           Shradha Sharma                                  Shasank ND
      Non-Executive Director                    Independent Director                         Independent Director

 Committee: Stakeholders Relationship   Committee: Audit Committee, Nomination                      Committee: 

   Committee, Chairperson of Risk       and Remuneration Committee, Corporate           Stakeholders Relationship Committee
     Management Committee                   Social Responsibility Committee




20
Management Team
Steering with Purpose and Precision




                                Bhavish Aggarwal
                                    Chairman and
                                   Managing Director




     Deepak Rastogi                Shaun Calvert                    Navendu Agarwal
     Chief Financial Officer     Chief Operations Officer                SVP - Tech




    Samraj Dhinagar             Ramkripa Ananthan                    Rajesh Mekkat
   Head - Vehicle Engineering     Head Vehicle Design                  Head - Cell R&D




                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26        21
Corporate Information

Board of Directors                       COMMITTEES
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                     Audit Committee
Chairman and Managing Director           Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli, Chairperson
                                         Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopalatenneti, Member
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala tenneti
                                         Ms. Shradha Sharma, Member
Non-Executive Director
                                         Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank, Member
Mr. Arun Sarin
                                         Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Non-Executive Director
                                         Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli, Chairperson
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                    Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, Member
Independent Non-Executive Director       Ms. Shradha Sharma, Member

Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank    Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Independent Non-Executive Director       Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopalatenneti, Chairperson
                                         Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank, Member
Ms. Shradha Sharma
                                         Mr. Arun Sarin, Member
Independent Non-Executive Director
                                         Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
                                         Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, Chairperson
                                         Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli, Member
Chief Financial Officer                  Ms. Shradha Sharma, Member
Mr. Deepak Rastogi
                                         Risk Management Committee
                                         Mr. Arun Sarin, Chairperson
                                         Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopalatenneti, Member
Statutory Auditors                       Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli, Member
BSR & Co. LLP
Chartered Accountants                    Bankers
                                         Axis Bank Limited

                                         Bank of Baroda

Secretarial Auditors                     Export-Import Bank of India

                                         ICICI Bank Limited

BMP & Co. LLP
                                         Indian Bank Limited 
Company Secretaries
                                         State Bank of India Limited 
                                         Yes Bank Limited


Registered Office
Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, 
         Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, 

                                         Name: MUGF Link Intime India Private Limited
Municipal No. 140 Koramangala VI Bk, 

                                         (formerly known as Link Intime India Private
Bangalore-560095, Karnataka, India

                                         Limited)

                                         Address: C-101, 1st Floor, 247 Park L.B.S. Marg,
                                         Vikhroli West Mumbai 400 083 Maharashtra,
                                         India.

                                         Tel: +91) 8108116767

                                         E-mail: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com 

                                         Website: www.linkintime.co.in



                                         ISIN NO. INE0LXG01040




22
STATUTORY REPORTS




BOARD’S
REPORT
For Financial Year 2025-26




                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   23
STATUTORY REPORTS




BOARD’S REPORT
Dear Shareholders,

The Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the Board) hereby present its 9th Board’s Report
(“Report”) on the business, operations, and performance of Ola Electric Mobility Limited (“the Company” or “OEM”)
together with the audited financial statements for the financial year ended (Standalone and Consolidated) on March
31, 2026.

This Report has been prepared in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (including
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) (“Act”) and the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI
Listing Regulations”).

The key financial highlights of the Company on a standalone and consolidated basis are as follows:

1.   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                         (₨in Crores except per share data)
                                                                       STANDALONE                          CONSOLIDATED
PARTICULARS
                                                        FY 2025-26       FY 2024-25     FY 2025-26              FY 2024-25
Revenue from operations and other income                         81             195           2460                     4932
Total Expenses                                                  102             140           3245                     6253
Profit/ Loss before finance cost, depreciation,                 -21              55            -785                   -1321
amortisation, exceptional item and tax
Finance cost, Depreciation & Amortization                        88              95           1044                      932
Adjustment for Extra ordinary/Exceptional items                   0               0               0                     -23
Loss Before Tax                                                -109             -40          -1829                    -2276
Less: Tax Expenses                                                4               0               4                       0
Loss for the year                                              -113             -40          -1833                    -2276
Other comprehensive loss/income                                 -38               1             -15                      17
Total comprehensive loss/income carried to                     -151             -39          -1848                    -2259
Balance Sheet
Loss per equity share of face value ₨10 each
Basic                                                          -0.26           -0.10          -4.16                    -5.48
Diluted                                                        -0.26           -0.10          -4.16                    -5.48



2.   STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS / OVERVIEW:                      Consolidated gross margin increased from 17.9% in
                                                                  FY25 to 30.6% in FY26, with Q4 FY26 gross margin
Financial year 2025-26 was a year of structural reset for         reaching 38.5%. Consolidated cash flow from
the Company. Against a backdrop of slower electric two-           operations improved from negative ₨2,391 crore in
wheeler penetration, heightened competitive intensity             FY25 to negative ₨775 crore in FY26, while Q4 FY26
and service-related execution challenges, the Company             became the Company’s first positive operating cash-
recalibrated its operating model from rapid expansion             flow quarter.
towards sustainable growth, stronger unit economics
and greater cash discipline.                                   y Operating Model Reset: Consolidated operating
                                                                 expenses, reduced from ₨779 crore in Q4 FY25
During the year, the Company focused on strengthening            to ₨383 crore in Q4 FY26. This improvement was
service operations, improving product quality,                   driven by network rationalisation, higher workforce
rationalising its retail footprint, reducing operating costs     productivity,  automation,      tighter   operating
and progressing Cell manufacturing from validation               governance and a leaner corporate cost structure.
to commercial deployment. While these actions were             y Service Stabilisation: The Company materially
undertaken against lower volumes, they established a             strengthened its service operations through
leaner and more scalable foundation for future growth.           improved parts availability, higher technician
Despite the operating challenges, the Company                    productivity, stronger repair capabilities and tighter
achieved several important milestones:                           daily governance. Average service turnaround time
                                                                 reduced by approximately 88%, while the service
y Margin Expansion and Improved Cash Flow:


24
STATUTORY REPORTS




     backlog and parts pendency also reduced materially.            developed using in-house Cell technology. The
     Warranty expenditure declined from ₨555 crore in               Company also progressed Mahashakti for commercial,
     FY25 to ₨59 crore in FY26, supported by improved               industrial and utility-scale storage, expanding the
     service execution and the stronger quality profile of          potential application of its Cell platform beyond
     Gen 3 products.                                                electric mobility.
y Product and Technology Maturity: Gen 3 became                  As FY2025-26 concludes, the Company has a materially
  the foundation of the Company’s product portfolio,             lower operating-cost base, stronger gross margins,
  delivering improved quality, lower warranty                    improved service capabilities and manufacturing
  requirements and stronger unit economics. The                  infrastructure already in place across the Auto and
  Company also expanded the use of AI across sales,              Cell businesses. The focus in FY2026-27 will be on
  registration, fulfilment, service, warranty processing         rebuilding volumes and market share, maintaining
  and Cell R&D, supporting a leaner and more scalable            service consistency, expanding distribution, increasing
  operating model.                                               utilisation of existing manufacturing capacity and
                                                                 improving operating cash generation.
y Progress in Cell Manufacturing: The Company
  commenced commercial deployment of its                         In the Cell business, the Company will focus on
  indigenously developed 4680 Bharat Cell in vehicles            commissioning and utilising the 6 GWh Gigafactory and
  delivered to customers. The Gigafactory operated               building demand across captive Auto consumption,
  at approximately 2.5 GWh capacity during the year,             distributed and utility-scale energy storage, external
  with the installation required for the 6 GWh scale-up          Cell sales and specialised applications. These priorities
  substantially completed. This marked the transition of         are expected to support the Company’s evolution
  the Cell business from technology validation towards           into an integrated mobility and energy business
  commercial manufacturing and integration.                      while maintaining disciplined capital allocation and a
                                                                 continued focus on sustainable growth.:
y Entry into Energy Storage: The Company launched
  Shakti, its distributed energy-storage product


3.     REPORT ON THE PERFORMANCE OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES:

As on March 31, 2026, the Company has a total of five (5) subsidiaries, comprising of three (3) Indian subsidiaries
and two (2) foreign subsidiaries. In addition, the Company has five (5) step-down foreign subsidiaries. The Company
does not have any associate companies or joint venture entities as on the date of this Report.

The details of the Company’s subsidiaries are as follows

Sr.                                                                                           Date of becoming Subsidiary/ JV/
    Name of the company                        Category
No.                                                                                           Associate company
1      Ola Electric Technologies Private       Wholly Owned Indian Subsidiary                 January 06, 2021
       Limited
2      Ola Electric Charging Private Limited   Wholly Owned Indian Subsidiary                 December 21, 2021
3      Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited   Wholly Owned Indian Subsidiary                 July 05, 2022
4      Ola Electric Mobility Inc.              Wholly Owned Foreign Subsidiary                May 29, 2019
5      Ola Electric Mobility B.V. (OEM B.V.)   Wholly Owned Foreign Subsidiary                April 29, 2020
6      Etergo B.V.                             Step down foreign subsidiary (Wholly Owned     May 26, 2020
                                               Subsidiary of OEM B.V. )
7      Etergo Operations B.V.                  Step down foreign subsidiary (Wholly Owned     May 26, 2020
                                               Subsidiary of Etergo B.V,.)
8      Ola Electric Technologies B.V.          Step down foreign subsidiary (Wholly Owned     May 27, 2022
                                               Subsidiary of OEM B.V. )
9      Ola Electric UK Private Limited         Step down foreign subsidiary (Wholly Owned     January 21, 2021
                                               Subsidiary of OEM B.V.)
10     EIA Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.         Step down foreign subsidiary (Wholly Owned     May 26, 2023
                                               Subsidiary of OEM B.V.)




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                25
STATUTORY REPORTS




     During the financial year under review, the Company             In accordance with Regulation 43A of the SEBI
     did not incorporate, liquidate, close, or strike off any        Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated
     subsidiary, joint ventures or associate companies.              a Dividend Distribution Policy to provide a
     Additionally, there were no divestments or reductions           clear framework for dividend distribution to its
     in stake in any of the Company's subsidiaries provided          stakeholders. The Policy outlines various internal
     above.                                                          and external factors that the Board will consider
     There has been no material change in the nature of the          while determining dividend payouts.
     business of the subsidiary companies during the year.
                                                                     The Dividend Distribution Policy is available on the
     Report on Subsidiary of Company: Pursuant to the                Company’s website at: https://www.olaelectric.
     provisions of Section 129 (3) of the Act read with              com/investor-relations/policies
     Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014,
     a statement containing the salient features of the         6.   TRANSFER TO RESERVES:
     financial statements and highlights of the performance
     of the subsidiaries is provided in Form AOC-1, which is         During the financial year under review, the Company
     annexed to this Report and marked as Annexure-I and             did not transfer any amount to the reserves.
     forms an integral part of this Report.
                                                                7.   TRANSFER TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND
     Financial Statements of Subsidiaries: The financial             PROTECTION FUND & UNPAID DIVIDEND:
     and operational contributions of the subsidiaries have
     been consolidated and disclosed in the consolidated             During the financial year under review, the
     financial statements of the Company for the financial           Company did not transfer any funds or equity
     year ended March 31, 2026, which forms part of this             shares to the Investor Education and Protection
     Annual Report.                                                  Fund (IEPF) pursuant to the provisions of Section
                                                                     125 of the Act. The Company also does not have
     In accordance with the provisions of Section 136 of             any unclaimed dividend pending transfer to the
     the Act, the audited standalone financial statements            Unpaid Dividend Account.
     of the Company’s subsidiaries are available on the
     Company’s website at: https://www.olaelectric.com/         8.   CAPITAL STRUCTURE:
     investor-relations/financials
                                                                     During the financial year under review, there is no
     Policy for Material Subsidiary: Pursuant to Regulation          change in the authorised, issued, subscribed and
     16(1)(c) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in                 paid up share capital of the Company
     accordance with the Company’s policy for Determining
     Material Subsidiaries, Ola Electric Technologies Private        Authorized Share Capital: The Authorized Share
     Limited and Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited               Capital of the Company as on March 31, 2026, is
     continue to be identified as material subsidiaries              INR 8318,49,98,850 (Indian Rupees Eight Thousand
     of the Company. The said policy is available on the
                                                                     Three Hundred Eighteen Crore Forty-Nine Lakh
     Company’s website at https://www.olaelectric.com/
     investor-relations/policies                                     Ninety-Eight Thousand Eight Hundred Fifty only),
                                                                     divided into:
     Consolidated Financial Statements- The Consolidated
     Financial Statements of the Company and its                     i.     479,66,26,443/- (Four Hundred Seventy-Nine
     subsidiaries prepared in accordance with the Act and                   Crores, Sixty-Six Lakhs, Twenty-Six Thousand,
     applicable Indian Accounting Standards along with all                  Four Hundred Forty-Three) equity shares of
     relevant documents and the Auditors’ Report forms                      face value INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only)
     part of the Annual Report and the audited consolidated                 each;
     financial statements of the Company are available on
     the Company’s website at: https://www.olaelectric.              ii.    43,81,62,753 (Forty-Three Crore Eighty-One
     com/investor-relations/financials.                                     Lakh Sixty-Two Thousand Seven Hundred
                                                                            Fifty-Three) Series A compulsorily convertible
4.     CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS:                                        preference shares of face value INR 10/- each;
       During the financial year under review, there has             iii.   14,25,44,269 (Fourteen Crore Twenty-Five
       been no change in the nature of the business                         Lakh Forty-Four Thousand Two Hundred
       carried out by the Company.                                          Sixty-Nine) Series A1 compulsorily convertible
                                                                            preference shares of face value INR 10/- each;
5.     DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY:

       During the financial year under review, the Board
                                                                     iv.    84,70,75,656 (Eighty-Four Crore Seventy Lakh
       has not recommended any dividend on Equity
                                                                            Seventy-Five Thousand Six Hundred Fifty-Six)
       Shares.
                                                                            Series B compulsorily convertible preference


26
STATUTORY REPORTS




            shares of face value INR 10/- each;                    articulates its philosophy and approach towards
                                                                   fulfilling its social responsibility. The policy lays
      v.    24,08,23,765 (Twenty-Four Crore Eight Lakh             down the guiding principles and mechanisms for
            Twenty-Three Thousand Seven Hundred                    undertaking socially impactful programs that
            Sixty-Five) Series C compulsorily convertible          promote the welfare and sustainable development of
            preference shares of face value INR 10/- each;         the community, especially in areas surrounding the
                                                                   Company’s operations. The CSR Policy is available on
      vi.   4,50,44,769 (Four Crore Fifty Lakh Forty-Four          the Company’s website at: https://www.olaelectric.
            Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-Nine) Series              com/investor-relations/policies.
            C1 compulsorily convertible preference shares
            of face value INR 10/- each;
                                                                  The Annual Report on CSR activities for the financial
      vii. 15,00,00,000 (Fifteen Crore) Series D                  year 2025-26, prepared in accordance with Sections
           Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of          134 and 135 of the Act read with Rule 8 of the
           face value INR 10/- each; and                          Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy)
                                                                  Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Rule 9 of the Companies
      viii. 165,82,22,230 (One Hundred Sixty-Five                 (Accounts) Rules, 2014, is annexed to this Report and
            Crore Eighty-Two Lakh Twenty-Two Thousand             marked as Annexure-II.
            Two Hundred Thirty) Series E compulsorily
                                                                11. VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY:
            convertible preference shares of face value
            INR 10/- each                                          In accordance with the provisions of Section
                                                                   177(9) and 177(10) of the Act read with Rule 7 of
     Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up Share Capital: The
     Issued, Subscribed and Paid Up Share Capital of the           the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers)
     Company as on March 31, 2026 is INR 4410,82,98,850/-          Rules, 2014, and Regulation 22 of the SEBI Listing
     (Indian Rupees Four Thousand Four Hundred Ten                 Regulations, the Company has established a Vigil
     Crores Eighty-Two Lakh Ninety-Eight Thousand Eight            Mechanism and adopted a Whistle Blower Policy.
     Hundred Fifty Only) divided into 441,08,29,885 (Four
     Hundred Forty-One Crore Eight Lakh Twenty-Nine                The Company is committed to upholding the
     Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty-Five Only) equity               highest standards of integrity, transparency,
     shares of Rs. 10/- each.                                      professionalism, and ethical conduct in all its
                                                                   dealings. The Whistle Blower Policy provides
     Equity shares with differential rights and sweat              a framework and mechanism for directors,
     equity shares: During the financial year under review,        employees, and other stakeholders to report
     the Company did not issue any equity shares with              genuine concerns regarding unethical behavior,
     differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise,      actual or suspected fraud, or violations of the
     nor did it issue any sweat equity shares, in accordance
                                                                   Company’s Code of Conduct, without fear of
     with the provisions of the Act and applicable rules
                                                                   retaliation. The Policy also ensures direct access to
     made thereunder.
                                                                   the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.
9.     DEBENTURES:
                                                                   The Whistle Blower Policy is available on the
       As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 61,000                Company’s website at:
       Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures (NCD)
                                                                   https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/
       having a face value of INR 100,000 (Indian Rupees
                                                                   disclosures-under-regulation-46-of-lodr
       one lakh only) each.
                                                                   During the financial year under review, the
       The Company does not have any outstanding bonds
                                                                   Company did not receive any complaints under the
       / warrants / other non-convertible securities.
                                                                   Vigil Mechanism.
10. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
                                                                12. RISK MANAGEMENT:
       In terms of the provisions of Section 135 of the
       Act, read with Companies (Corporate Social                  The Company has in place a comprehensive
       Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, (as amended)            Risk Management Policy, which provides an
       the Board has constituted a Corporate Social                effective framework for identifying, assessing,
       Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee. Further, in view          mitigating, reporting, and periodically reviewing
       of the losses incurred by the Company during                critical risks that may affect the Company’s
       the previous financial year, the Company has no             objectives or continuity. The policy is available
       obligation for spending CSR during the financial year.      on the Company’s website at: https://www.
                                                                   olaelec tric.com/investor-relations/policies.
       The Company has in place a CSR Policy that


                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           27
STATUTORY REPORTS




       The Company’s business units and corporate                   Controls (“IFC”) represents an isolated case relating
       functions follow a structured and institutionalised          to the physical verification of inventory at Ola Electric
       approach to risk management, aligned with its                Technologies Private Limited (“OET”), a wholly owned
       overall strategic goals. The Risk Committee oversees         subsidiary of the Company.
       the organization’s overall risk management process
       through our Enterprise Risk Management program.              While the Statutory Auditors, M/s. B S R & Co. LLP,
       The Risk Management Committee reviews key                    have brought this matter to the attention of the
       business risk areas, encompassing operational,               shareholders as part of their independent reporting
       financial, strategic, and regulatory aspects                 on IFC, they have also provided an unmodified
       including the mitigation strategies. The Risks and           opinion on the standalone and consolidated financial
       its management is currently handled by the Internal          statements of the Company, stating that the financial
       Audit team. The Risks are periodically presented to          statements present a true and fair view of the financial
       the Management and the Audit Committee.                      position of the Company.

                                                                    The Company recognises that strong internal
       The composition and key terms of reference of the            controls are a cornerstone of sound corporate
       Risk Management Committee have been discussed                governance and sustainable business growth. The
       in detail in the Management Discussion and Analysis          Company believes that its existing comprehensive
       section and Corporate Governance Report which                framework supports operational excellence, financial
       forms an integral part of the Annual Report.                 integrity and compliance with applicable regulatory
                                                                    requirements. The Company and its Management
                                                                    remain fully committed to establishing, implementing
13. AUDITORS & REPORTS:                                             and maintaining robust IFC and strengthening the
                                                                    existing IFC framework.
A. Statutory Auditors: M/s. B S R & Co. LLP, Chartered
   Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No.: 101248W/                During Q4 FY 2025-26, the Company undertook
   W-100022), were appointed as the Statutory Auditors              a redesign of its network operations with a view to
   of the Company for a term of five (5) years, from the            achieving significant operational and cost efficiencies.
   conclusion of the 5th Annual General Meeting until               As part of this exercise, there was a temporary
   the conclusion of the 10th Annual General Meeting,               realignment of inventory processes, which was
   to be held in the year 2027.                                     commented upon by the Statutory Auditors. During
                                                                    the said period of realignment, physical verification
     Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139 and 141             of inventory at the relevant wholly owned subsidiary
     of the Act, and the relevant rules made thereunder,            could not be conducted by the Management as at
     the Statutory Auditors have confirmed that they are            the year-end. The inventory was, however, validated
     eligible and not disqualified to continue as Auditors          through a review of the relevant data in the Company’s
     of the Company. They have also confirmed that they             ERP system, which did not report any discrepancy.
     have undergone the peer review process conducted               The Company also has a practice of conducting
     by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India             periodic physical verification of inventory, which was
     (ICAI) and hold a valid certificate issued by the Peer         undertaken before and after the network redesign.
     Review Board of the ICAI.
                                                                    Based on the above, the Management is of the view
     The Statutory Auditors have issued an unmodified               that there was no misplacement of inventory and,
     opinion on the standalone financial statements of              consequently, no financial impact on the Company.
     the Company for FY 2025-26. The Statutory Auditors             The observation relates to the conduct of physical
     have also issued an unmodified opinion on the                  verification by the Management as at the year-end
     consolidated financial statements of the Company.              and is an Internal Financial Controls reporting matter.
     However, the auditors have expressed a qualified
     opinion in respect of the internal financial controls with     The Management has implemented structured
     reference to the consolidated financial statements,            measures and controls, including investments in
     arising from a material weakness identified in relation        technology and other systemic changes in processes
     to the physical verification of finished goods and             across the value chain, to further strengthen
     raw materials at the plant and stores of one of the            inventory management and specifically ensure that
     wholly owned subsidiaries. The auditors have stated            controls relating to physical verification are robust,
     that this matter does not affect their opinion on              consistent and effective.
     the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
                                                                  B. Cost Auditor: The provisions of Section 148 the Act,
                                                                     read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Cost Records and
     Management Response                                             Audit) Rules, 2014, are not applicable to the Company.
                                                                     Accordingly, the Company was not required to and
     At the outset, the Management wishes to highlight               has not appointed a Cost Auditor for the financial
     that the observation with respect to Internal Financial         year under review.


28
STATUTORY REPORTS




C. Secretarial Auditor: Pursuant to the provisions          D. Internal Auditor: During the financial year under
   of Section 204 of the Act, read with Rule 9 of the          review, the Company had dedicated internal
   Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of                  resources for monitoring and reviewing its internal
   Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation            controls and processes while the Company did not
   24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board of           have any external auditor during the year, the internal
   Directors appointed M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practicing          control environment was monitored using the existing
   Company Secretaries, to conduct the Secretarial             internal resources and other control mechanisms
   Audit of the Company for the financial year ended           for periodic reporting. Subsequent to the close of
   March 31, 2026.                                             the financial year, the Company has appointed TRC
                                                               Corporate Consulting Private Limited as the internal
  Secretarial Audit Report: In compliance with the             auditor to further strengthen its internal audit
  provisions of Section 204 of the Act and Regulation          framework and provide an independent assessment
  24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Secretarial         of the Company’s internal controls, risk management
  Audit Report of the Company for the financial                and governance processes. The Internal Auditor will
  year ended March 31, 2026, issued by CS Komal S              periodically report its findings to the Management
  Shrimankar (ACS No.: 47702; CP No.: 27905), Partner,         and the Audit Committee for review and appropriate
  M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practising Company Secretaries,          action.
  is annexed to this Board’s Report as Annexure-
  III. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain          All the reports are regularly presented to the
  any qualification, reservation, adverse remark or           management and the Audit Committee to
  disclaimer.                                                 facilitate timely corrective actions and continuous
                                                              improvement.
  Secretarial Audit Report of material unlisted
  subsidiaries: In compliance with the provisions             Reporting of Frauds by Auditors: Pursuant to the
  of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and               provisions of Section 143(12) of the Act, during the
  Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the         financial year under review, neither M/s. B S R & Co.
  Secretarial Audit Reports of the Company’s material         LLP, Chartered Accountants, Statutory Auditors, nor
  unlisted subsidiaries, namely Ola Electric Technologies     M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Company Secretaries, Secretarial
  Private Limited and Ola Cell Technologies Private           Auditors, of the Company, have reported any instance
  Limited, for the financial year ended March 31, 2026,       of fraud committed by the officers or employees of
  issued by CS Komal S Shrimankar (ACS No.: 47702; CP         the Company to the Audit Committee.
  No.: 27905), Partner, M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practising
  Company Secretaries, have been annexed to this            14. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS AND THEIR
  Board’s Report as Annexure-IV.                                ADEQUACY:

  Annual Secretarial Compliance Report: In compliance           The Company has established a framework of
  with Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations,          internal financial controls commensurate with
  the Company has undertaken an audit for the financial         the size, scale and complexity of its operations.
  year 2025-26 for all applicable compliances as per            The framework is designed to provide reasonable
  SEBI Regulations and Circulars / Guidelines issued            assurance regarding the orderly and efficient
  thereunder. The Annual Secretarial Compliance                 conduct of the Company’s business, safeguarding
  Report issued by CS Subhashri K (ACS No.: 62771; CP           of its assets, prevention and detection of frauds and
  No.: 27534), Partner, M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practising          errors, accuracy and completeness of accounting
  Company Secretaries, has been submitted to the                records, and timely preparation of reliable financial
  Stock Exchanges within the prescribed timelines.              information.

  Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI               The Board of Directors, Audit Committee and
  Listing Regulations and other applicable provisions           Management periodically review the adequacy and
  of the Act, the Board of Directors, based on the              effectiveness of the Company’s internal financial
  recommendations of the Audit Committee and Board              controls through the internal audit and other control
  of Directors, at its meeting held on July 25, 2025,           monitoring mechanisms. The internal financial
  approved and recommended for the approval of the              controls are designed to ensure compliance with
  shareholders, the appointment of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP,          applicable laws and regulations and to support the
  Practicing Company Secretaries, a peer reviewed               reliability of financial reporting.
  firm of Company Secretaries in whole time practice,
  as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term         During FY 2025-26, the internal financial controls,
  of five consecutive financial years, commencing from          including their design and operating effectiveness,
  FY 2025-26 and ending on FY 2029-30, i.e., from the           were reviewed and tested by the Management
  conclusion of the 8th Annual General Meeting until            and the Statutory Auditors in accordance with the
  the conclusion of the 12th Annual General Meeting of          applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
  the Company.


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           29
STATUTORY REPORTS




     The Statutory Auditors have issued an unmodified              16. COMPLIANCE WITH MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT,
     opinion on the standalone financial statements                    1961:
     and an unmodified opinion on the consolidated
     financial statements of the Company for FY 2025-                   The Company affirms that it has duly complied with
     26. However, in their report on the internal financial             the provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961,
     controls with reference to the consolidated financial              including all amendments thereto. All applicable
     statements, the Statutory Auditors have expressed                  benefits, leave entitlements, and facilities as
     a qualified opinion arising from a material weakness               mandated under the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961
     relating to physical verification of finished goods                have been extended to eligible women employees
     and raw materials at the plant and stores of one                   during the financial year under review.
     of the Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries, Ola                    The Company is committed to fostering a
     Electric Technologies Private Limited (“OET”).                     supportive, inclusive, and equitable workplace, and
                                                                        remains steadfast in ensuring the well-being and
     The Management has taken note of the matter                        rights of women employees, particularly during and
     and has undertaken measures to strengthen the                      after maternity. Provisions such as paid maternity
     internal financial control framework, particularly                 leave, nursing breaks, and return-to-work support
     the controls relating to physical verification and                 continue to be implemented in both letter and spirit
     inventory management. The Company remains                          across all Company locations.
     committed to continuously strengthening its
     internal financial controls and ensuring their
     effectiveness across the Company and its                      17. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:
     subsidiaries.
                                                                        In accordance with the provisions of Section 134(5)
15. DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT                              of the Act, the Board to the best of their knowledge
    OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION,                                  and belief confirm and state that:
    PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013:                          a. In the preparation of the annual accounts for the
                                                                      financial year ended on March 31, 2026, the applicable
     The Company maintains zero tolerance for sexual                  accounting standards have been followed along with
     harassment at the workplace and has adopted                      proper explanation relating to material departures;
     a gender-neutral policy on the Prevention of
     Sexual Harassment (“POSH”), in line with the                  b. The directors have selected such accounting policies
     provisions of the Sexual Harassment of Women at                  and applied them consistently and made judgments
     Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)                and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as
     Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder. The                   to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the
     policy provides a robust framework for reporting,                Company as at the end of the financial year March 31,
     redressal, and prevention of sexual harassment                   2026 and of the profit of the Company for that period;
     while ensuring strict confidentiality and protection
     from retaliation. The policy is available on the              c. The directors have taken proper and sufficient
     website of the Company at: https://www.olaelectric.              care for the maintenance of adequate accounting
     com/investor-relations/policies.                                 records in accordance with the provisions of the
                                                                      Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company
     In accordance with the Act, the Company has                      and for preventing and detecting fraud and other
     constituted an Internal Complaints Committee                     irregularities;
     (“ICC”)comprising   employees and external
     members with relevant experience and sensitivity              d. The directors have prepared the annual accounts on
     to such matters.The ICC is empowered to                          a going concern basis;
     investigate complaints, conduct fair hearings, and
                                                                   e. The directors have laid down internal financial controls
     recommend appropriatedisciplinary actions. The
                                                                      to be followed by the Company and that such internal
     Company also conducts periodic awareness and
                                                                      financial controls are adequate and were operating
     sensitization programs to foster a respectful and
                                                                      effectively; and
     safe workplace. Details of complaints received and
     disposed of during the Financial Year 2025-26 are             f. The directors have devised proper systems to ensure
     as follows:                                                      compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws
                                                                      and that such systems were adequate and operating
     Number of           Number of            Number of
     complaints          complaints           complaints pending
                                                                      effectively.
     received during the disposed of during   more than ninety
     financial year      the financial year   days
     0                  0                     0


30
STATUTORY REPORTS




18. BOARD OF DIRECTORS, MEETINGS AND ITS                           comprised a balanced mix of Executive, Non-
    COMMITTEES:                                                    Executive and Independent Directors, bringing
                                                                   diverse experience and expertise across various
      BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL                        domains. The composition of the Board is in
      PERSONNEL(KMP)                                               compliance with the requirements of the Companies
                                                                   Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the SEBI (Listing Obligations
i.    Composition of the Board:. As on March 31,
                                                                   and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
      2026, the Board of Directors of the Company
                                                                   (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).

The following individuals served as Directors on the Board of the Company as on March 31, 2026:

Sr.
       Name of the Director                                         Designation
No.
1.     Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                                         Chairman and Managing Director
2.     Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti                         Non-Executive Director
3.     Mr. Arun Sarin                                               Non-Executive Director
4.     Mr. Manoj Kohli                                              Independent Non-Executive Director
5.     Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank                        Independent Non-Executive Director
6.     Ms. Shradha Sharma                                           Independent Non-Executive Director


      During the financial year under review, Mr. Navalur     iv. Re-appointment of Independent Directors : The
      Dattatreya Singh Shashank (DIN: 02237496) was               Board, based on the recommendation of the
      appointed as an Independent Non-Executive                   Nomination and Remuneration Committee, has
      Director of the Company, and Mr. Ananth                     recommended the re-appointment of Mr. Manoj
      Sankaranarayanan (DIN: 07527676) resigned                   Kumar Kohli (DIN: 00162071) and Ms. Shradha
      from the position of Independent Non-Executive              Sharma (DIN: 03557496) as Independent Directors
      Director, with effect from December 5, 2025.                of the Company for a further term of five consecutive
                                                                  years, subject to the approval of the Members
ii.   Director Retiring by Rotation: In accordance with           at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
      the provisions of Section 152 of the Act and the
      Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Arun             The requisite resolutions for their re-appointment
      Sarin, Non-Executive Director, is liable to retire by        are being placed before the Members for their
      rotation at the 9th Annual General Meeting of the            approval at the 9th Annual General Meeting of the
      Company scheduled to be held on Wednesday,                   Company.
      September 30, 2026, and being eligible, has offered
      himself for re-appointment                              v.   Declarations by independent directors: The
                                                                   Company has received declarations from all
iii. Appointment or Resignation of KMPs: During                    its Independent Directors confirming that they
     the financial year under review, there were                   meet the criteria of independence (“Declaration
     changes in the Key Managerial Personnel of the                of Independence”) as prescribed under the
     Company. Mr. Pritam Das Mohapatra resigned                    Act and SEBI Listing Regulations. There has
     from the position of Company Secretary and                    been no change in circumstances which may
     Compliance Officer with effect from June 13, 2025.            affect their status as Independent Directors.
     Subsequently, Mr. Abhishek Jain was appointed
     as the Company Secretary and Compliance                       The Board is of the opinion that all
     Officer with effect from September 12, 2025.                  Independent Directors possess the highest
                                                                   standards of integrity as well as the requisite
      Further, Mr. Harish Abhichandani resigned from the           qualifications, expertise,   and    experience
      position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company           necessary to discharge their duties effectively.
      with effect from January 19, 2026, and Mr. Deepak
      Rastogi was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer         Pursuant to Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6
      of the Company with effect from January 20, 2026.            of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification
                                                                   of Directors) Rules, 2014, all Independent
      Post the closure of the financial year, Mr. Abhishek         Directors have confirmed their registration
      Jain tendered his resignation from the position of           with the databank maintained by the Indian
      Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, which                Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA), Manesar.
      became effective on August 28, 2026.


                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           31
STATUTORY REPORTS




     In compliance with the said Rules, the Independent      The manner in which the formal annual evaluation of
     Directors have also successfully completed              performance was made by the Board is given below:
     the online proficiency self-assessment test
     conducted by the IICA, or fall under the                a. The evaluation criteria and process followed were in
                                                                accordance with those approved by the Nomination
     exempted category as per the prescribed criteria.
                                                                and Remuneration Committee and the Board, and
                                                                were found to be in order.
     Based on the above declarations, the Board affirms
     that all Independent Directors of the Company           b. Based on the said criteria, a questionnaire-cum-rating
     meet the conditions specified under Schedule V of          sheet was circulated to seek confidential evaluation
     the SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of        ratings and feedback from the directors regarding
     the management.                                            the performance of the Board, its Committees, the
                                                                Chairperson, and individual directors.
vi. Familiarisation Programme for Independent
    Directors: All Non-Executive Directors are appointed     c. Based on the individual ratings received from the
    on the Board of the Company are introduced to the           directors, a summary report was prepared on the
    culture through induction sessions. The Executive           performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees,
    Directors and senior management provide an                  the Chairman & Managing Director and Directors. The
    overview of the operations and familiarise the Non-         performance evaluation report was then discussed
    Executive Directors on matters the morals and               and noted by the Board at its meeting, and the Board
    principles of the Company. They are introduced to           expressed its satisfaction with the outcome of the
    the organization structures and various procedures.         evaluation.
    Non-Executive Directors are also briefed pertaining
                                                               The evaluation criteria, as outlined in the Company’s
    to the group structure and subsidiaries. Also, the         ‘Policy for Evaluation of the Performance of the
    Company has a detailed familiarisation Programme           Board of Directors’, include parameters such as
    for Non-Executive Independent Directors to                 Board composition and structure, effectiveness of
    familiarise them with the Company, their roles,            board processes, information availability and flow,
    rights, responsibilities in the Company, the nature        contributions made by individual Directors, and the
    of the industry in which the Company operates,             performance of the Chairperson. The said policy is
    business model of the Company etc. The said policy         available on the website of the Company and can be
    is available at the website of the Company at https://     accessed at: https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-
    www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies.           relations/policies.
                                                             viii. Number of meetings: The Board and its Committees
     The details of familiarisation programmes imparted
                                                                   convene meetings at regular intervals to deliberate
     to independent directors during the year under                on matters relating to business performance,
     review is available at the website of the Company             strategic initiatives, policy updates, and regulatory
     at https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/            developments and their implications.
     policies.
                                                                   During the financial year under review, 11 (Eleven)
vii. Performance Evaluation: The Board Evaluation                  meetings of the Board of Directors were held in
     reaffirms the Board’s strong commitment to                    compliance with the provisions of the Act. The
     governance and strategic oversight, as evidenced              interval between any two consecutive meetings
     by the proactive leadership of its members, the               was well within the prescribed limits under the Act
                                                                   and the SEBI Listing Regulations.
     effectiveness of Committees and the engagement
     of senior management. A key insight highlights                Detailed information regarding dates of meetings
     the Board’s independence and steadfast                        of the Board held during the financial year 2025-
     dedication to upholding rigorous governance                   26 indicating the number of meetings attended
     standards, ensuring transparency and fostering                by each Director is provided in the Corporate
                                                                   Governance Report, which forms an integral part of
     sustainable value creation for stakeholders.
                                                                   the Annual Report.
     Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the SEBI            The Company has also complied with the applicable
     Listing Regulations, the Board has carried out                provisions of the Secretarial Standards issued
     an annual evaluation of its own performance and               by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India
     that of its Committees as well as performance of              (“ICSI”) in respect of all Board meetings conducted
                                                                   during the year. Details of these meetings, including
     all the Directors individually including Independent
                                                                   the attendance of each Director, are provided in the
     Directors, Chairman and Managing Director.
                                                                   Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of
                                                                   this Annual Report.


32
STATUTORY REPORTS




COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD:

In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act,       The Company did not enter into any material
2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has          related party transactions during the year, and
constituted the following six committees:                     a confirmation to this effect, as required under
                                                              Section 134(3)(h) of the Companies Act, 2013, is
1. Audit Committee.
                                                              provided in Form AOC-2 annexed as Annexure V to
2. Nomination and Remuneration Committee.                     this Annual Report.
3. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.                 The RPT Policy of the Company is available on the
4. Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.                      Company’s website at: https://www.olaelectric.
                                                              com/investor-relations/policies.
5. Risk Management Committee
6. Fund Raising Committee.                                 21. ANNUAL RETURN:
The composition of these Committees is available on           Pursuant to Section 134(3)(a) and Section 92(3)
the Company’s website and can be accessed at: https://        of the Act, read with Rule 12(1) of the Companies
www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/directors-             (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,
profile#tab-teb550m.                                          the Annual Return of the Company for the financial
                                                              year ended March 31, 2026, is available on the
Detailed information regarding the composition, terms         website of the Company and can be accessed at
of reference, and meetings of each Committee held             the following link: https://www.olaelectric.com/
during the financial year 2025-26 is provided in the          investor-relations/financials#tab-pxd4fqe.
Corporate Governance Report which forms an integral
part of this Annual Report.
                                                           22. PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES:
The Board has accepted all the recommendations made
                                                              As on March 31, 2026, the Company had a total of
by the Audit Committee during the financial year under
                                                              3 employees on its payroll, comprising of 3 males, 0
review.
                                                              female, and 0 transgender employees. The Company
                                                              recognizes its employees as key stakeholders and
19. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES AND                      is committed to attracting, nurturing, and retaining
    INVESTMENTS:                                              top talent. It fosters a collaborative, transparent,
                                                              and participative work environment that rewards
    Pursuant to the provisions of Section 186 of the          merit and high performance.
    Act and Regulation 34 read with Schedule V of the
    SEBI Listing Regulations, the details of loans and        In accordance with the provisions of Section 197(12)
    advances given, guarantees or securities provided,        of the Act, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies
    and investments made by the Company during the            (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial
    financial year under review are provided in the note      Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, the statement
    no. 10 of the financial statements forming part of        containing the ratio of remuneration of Directors
    this Annual Report.                                       and Key Managerial Personnel to the median
                                                              remuneration of employees and other requisite
20. TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES:                        details is annexed to this Report as Annexure-VI.

    The Company has in place a robust framework               In accordance with the provisions of Section
    for the approval and monitoring of related party          197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with
    transactions (“RPTs”), in line with the applicable        Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment
    regulatory requirements.                                  and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules,
                                                              2014, a statement containing the names and other
    During the financial year under review, all related       particulars of employees drawing remuneration in
    party transactions were approved by the Audit             excess of the limits prescribed under the said Rules
    Committee and the Board of Directors and                  forms part of this Report. However, in line with the
    have been disclosed in the notes to the financial         provisions of Section 136 of the Companies Act,
    statements forming part of this Annual Report. All        2013, the Report and Annual Accounts are being
    such transactions were undertaken in the ordinary         sent to the Members excluding the said statement.
    course of business and on an arm’s length basis, in       The aforesaid statement is available for inspection
    compliance with Section 188 of the Companies Act,         upon request. Any Member interested in obtaining
    2013 and the Company’s RPT Policy.                        a copy of the same may write to the Company
                                                              Secretary at:companysecretary@olaelectric.com

                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           33
STATUTORY REPORTS




     Key Managerial Personnel (KMP): The following             form part of the financial statements.
     individuals have been designated as the Key             y The Company has not granted any options with
     Managerial Personnel of the Company pursuant              voting rights or dividend entitlements prior to vesting
     to Sections 2(51) and 203 of the Act, read with the       or exercise.
     Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of              y No material changes were made to the ESOP Plan
     Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014:                        other than the aforementioned amendments
                                                               approved by shareholders.
     Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal, Chairman and Managing                 In accordance with Regulation 14 of the SEBI ESOP
     Director.                                                   Regulations, the ESOP Plan and the disclosures
     Mr. Harish Abichandani, Chief Financial Officer             prescribed under the said regulations are available
     (upto close of business hours of January 19, 2026).         on the website of the Company and can be accessed
                                                                 at: https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/
     Mr. Deepak Rastogi, Chief Financial Officer (with           policies
     effect from January 20, 2026)
     Mr. Pritam Das Mohapatra, Company Secretary and             A certificate from the Secretarial Auditors
     Compliance Officer (upto close of business hours of         confirming that the ESOP Plan has been
     June 13, 2025).                                             implemented in accordance with the SEBI ESOP
     Mr. Abhishek Jain, Company Secretary and                    Regulations and shareholder approval will be
     Compliance Officer (upto close of business hours of         available for inspection during the Annual General
     August 28, 2026).                                           Meeting.

23. DISCLOSURE REGARDING EMPLOYEE STOCK
    OPTION PLANS:                                            24. PUBLIC DEPOSITS:
                                                                 During the financial year under review, the Company
     As on March 31, 2026, the Company has in place one          has not accepted or renewed any deposits from the
     employee stock option plan titled "OEM Employees’           public falling within the purview of Section 73 of
     Equity Linked Incentive Plan 2019" ("ESOP Plan"),           the Act, read with the Companies (Acceptance of
     which was adopted by the shareholders on January            Deposits) Rules, 2014.
     21, 2019, and subsequently amended on December
     08, 2023, and October 01, 2024, pursuant to                 Further, as on the balance sheet date, there were no
     resolutions passed by the shareholders of the               outstanding deposits, including interest thereon,
     Company.                                                    remaining unpaid or unclaimed. Accordingly, the
                                                                 disclosures required under Chapter V of the Act and
     The ESOP Plan has been formulated with the                  the said Rules are not applicable to the Company
     objective of attracting, retaining, and incentivizing       for the financial year under review.
     talent by aligning employee interests with the long-
     term goals of the Company. The Plan enables eligible    25. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY:
     employees of the Company and its subsidiaries
     to be granted stock options, which entitle them             The Company has formulated a Nomination
     to receive equity shares of the Company having a            and Remuneration Policy in accordance with
     face value of INR 10/- per share, upon vesting and          the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing
     exercise of such options in accordance with the             Regulations. The Policy governs the appointment,
     terms of the Plan.                                          qualifications, attributes, independence criteria,
                                                                 and remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial
     The ESOP Plan is implemented and administered               Personnel (KMP), and Senior Management
     through a trust route in compliance with the                personnel.
     applicable provisions of the Act and the Securities
                                                                 The objective of the Policy is to attract, retain,
     and Exchange Board of India (Share Based
                                                                 and motivate competent leadership, align
     Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,
                                                                 remuneration with performance and strategic
     2021 ("SEBI ESOP Regulations").
                                                                 goals, and ensure that the remuneration framework
                                                                 is fair, performance-driven, and consistent with the
The Company confirms that during the financial year              Company's risk appetite and long-term objectives.
under review:
                                                                 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
y The ESOP Plan is in compliance with the Act and SEBI
                                                                 while recommending appointments to the Board,
  ESOP Regulations.
                                                                 evaluates candidates based on qualifications, skills,
y Disclosures with respect to the number of options
                                                                 experience, and independence criteria.
  granted, vested, exercised, lapsed, and outstanding


34
STATUTORY REPORTS




      The Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the                  implemented through robust energy management
      Company is available on the Company’s website                  systems, comprehensive energy audits, and
      and can be accessed at: https://www.olaelectric.               detailed quality analyses of energy utilization.
      com/investor-relations/policies.
                                                                     In addition, we have undertaken several initiatives
                                                                     aimed at reducing carbon emissions. These
26. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY
                                                                     measures are designed not only to lower our
    ABSORPTION   AND    FOREIGN EXCHANGE
                                                                     environmental footprint but also to contribute
    EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
                                                                     positively to the well-being and livelihood of the
      At OEM, we have consistently prioritized energy                broader community.
      conservation within our manufacturing processes.
                                                                     The particulars required under the provisions of
      This commitment not only optimizes the
                                                                     Section 134 (3) (m) of the Companies Act, 2013,
      consumption of non-renewable fossil fuels but also
                                                                     regarding the conservation of energy during the
      enhances energy productivity, supports climate
                                                                     year under review are as follows:
      change mitigation efforts, and reduces operational
      costs. Our energy conservation strategies are


S No.                                                       Particulars
(i)       The steps      As part of its ongoing efforts towards energy conservation, the Company implemented various
          taken or       initiatives at the OLA Futurefactory during FY 2025-26, including:
          impact on
          conservation   A.Electricity Conservation:
          of energy      y Green energy sourcing from Wind energy has been implemented, resulting in the utilisation of
                            5,819,896 units of green energy.
                         Electricity consumption was reduced during FY 2025-26 through the implementation of targeted
                         energy conservation initiatives. Key measures contributing to the reduction include:
                         y Optimisation of power consumption of supply and exhaust fans – resulting in savings of
                            approximately 13,091 units per month.
                         y Operation of compressors at lower operating pressure – resulting in savings of approximately
                            9,660 units per month.
                         y Operating a single VFD compressor during non-production days/hours – resulting in savings of
                            approximately 920 units per month.
                         y Optimization of shop floor lighting during non-production days/night hours – resulting in savings
                            of approximately 1,512 units per month.
                         y Optimization of peripheral lighting – resulting in savings of approximately 1,227 units per month.
                         y Optimisation of air-conditioning systems in testing laboratories based on application and usage
                            – resulting in savings of approximately 850 units per month.
                         y Switching off machine conveyors during idle periods – resulting in savings of approximately
                            2,160 units per month.
                         y Change in the paint jig stripping process from hot stripping to ambient stripping technology –
                            resulting in savings of approximately 68,212 units per month.

                         These initiatives not only contribute to reducing electricity consumption and related costs but also
                         support the Company’s commitment to sustainable operations.

                         B.Water Conservation:
                         The Company also undertook measures for conservation and efficient utilisation of water, including:
                         y Utilisation of approximately 3,047.47 KL of pond/rainwater; and
                         y Utilisation of approximately 36,993 KL of recycled water.

                         Proposed measures for the financial year 2026-27:
                         The Company proposes to undertake the following measures during FY 2026-27 to further improve
                         energy efficiency and increase the use of renewable energy:
                         y Green Energy Sourcing: The Company is committed to sustainability and is targeting to meet
                            75% of its total energy requirements through green energy purchases during FY 2026-27. This
                            is expected to reduce dependency on fossil fuels and lower the Company’s overall carbon
                            footprint.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                  35
STATUTORY REPORTS




                         y Closed-Loop VFD Automation: Implementation of a closed-loop Variable Frequency Drive
                           (VFD) control system for 24x7 operating pumps in the Paint Shop to optimise energy usage,
                           with an estimated annual saving of approximately 96,000 kWh of electricity.
                         y Energy-Efficient Equipment Procurement: Optimisation of machine specifications at the
                           procurement stage to ensure reduced specific energy consumption, thereby contributing to
                           long-term operational efficiency and sustainability.
(ii)    the steps        The Company commenced procurement of green energy from June 2025. During FY 2025-26, the
        taken by the     Company utilised 5,819,896 units of green energy, sourced from wind energy, as part of its efforts
        company          to increase the use of renewable sources of energy and reduce its carbon footprint.
        for utilizing
        alternate
        sources of
        energy.
(iii)   the capital      Nil
        investment
        on energy
        conservation
        equipment’s



A. Technology Absorption:

                                                     y Developed and advanced 46-series LFP and NMC cell platforms
                                                       for automotive applications, covering cell chemistry, cell design,
                                                       electrolyte, electrode architecture, lifecycle and safety validation.
                                                     y Progressed the LFP 46160 platform from design and prototype
                                                       development through DVP and certification towards product
                                                       industrialisation.
                                                     y Advanced high-energy and high-power NMC technologies with
                                                       focus on higher energy density, fast charging, cycle life and low-
                                                       temperature performance.
                                                     y Developed proprietary dry-electrode technology for LFP and
(i)     the effort made towards technology ab-         NMC and progressed its transfer from BIC to Gigafactory-scale
        sorption                                       manufacturing.
                                                     y Built in-house capability for LFP cathode material development and
                                                       localisation, along with qualification of graphite, separator, foils,
                                                       conductive materials and mechanical components.
                                                     y Strengthened the Company’s proprietary intellectual property
                                                       portfolio with over 428 patent filings covering cell chemistry,
                                                       electrode materials, cell architecture, manufacturing processes,
                                                       safety systems, current collectors, grading/sorting and advanced
                                                       surface-engineering technologies.

(ii)                                                 y Reduced dependence on imported cells and externally developed
        the benefits derived like product improve-
        ment cost reduction product development        cell technologies.
        or import substitution                       y Developed proprietary Indian know-how across cell design,
                                                       materials and manufacturing.
                                                     y Accelerated BIC-to-Gigafactory technology transfer and product
                                                       industrialisation.
                                                     y Improved cell cost, performance, lifecycle, safety and fast-charging
                                                       capabilities.
                                                     y Increased localisation and supported import substitution across the
                                                       cell value chain.




36
STATUTORY REPORTS




 (iii)   in case of imported technology (important
         during the last three years reckoned from
         the beginning of the financial year)

         a. the details of technology imported            Nil


         b. the year of import;                           Nil


         c. whether the technology has been fully         Nil
         absorbed

         d. if not fully absorbed, areas where absorp-    Nil
         tion has

         e. not taken place, and the reasons thereof      Nil

 (iv)                                                    Standalone (INR Lakhs)          Consolidated (INR Lakhs)
         the expenditure incurred on Research and
                                                         1,066                           46100
         Development




A. FOREIGN EXCHANGE ACTUAL EARNINGS AND OUTGO:

                                                                                                                    (₨in Crores)

Nature                                                                                     FY 2025-26           FY 2024-25
The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual in-flows                                            Nil                     Nil
The Foreign Exchange outgo in terms of actual out-flows                                          2.03                   28.80


27. STATUTORY DISCLOSURES:                                           with SEBI, under the applicable SEBI settlement
                                                                     mechanism. The settlement application has been
y MATERIAL        CHANGES       AND      COMMITMENTS                 made without admission or denial of the facts or
  AFFECTING FINANCIAL POSITION BETWEEN THE                           legal conclusions contained in the proceedings and
  END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR AND DATE OF THE                          does not constitute an admission of any liability or
  REPORT, IF ANY: There have been no material changes                wrongdoing by the Company. As on the date of this
  and commitments affecting the financial position of                Report, the settlement proceedings are ongoing
  the Company between the end of the financial year,                 and no final order or determination in respect of
  i.e., March 31, 2026, and the date of this report.                 the aforesaid proceedings has been passed as on
                                                                     the date of this Report. The Company continues
    During the said period, the Company has following                to cooperate with SEBI and will make such further
    events which may have an impact on its financial                 disclosures as may be required under applicable laws
    position. The details of the same, to the extent                 and regulations.
    material, are as follows:
                                                                  (b) 
                                                                      Subsequent to the financial year ended March
(a) S
     ubsequent to the financial year ended March 31,                 31, 2026, the Company’s subsidiary, Ola Electric
    2026, the Company received a Show Cause Notice                    Technologies Private Limited (OET), had certain
    (“SCN”) dated April 10, 2026 from the Securities                  commercial disputes with three vendors and initiated
    and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) in relation to               appropriate arbitration proceedings in respect
    certain disclosures concerning the expansion of                   thereof. However, the vendors did not participate
    the Company’s sales and service network, variance                 in arbitration and approached Hon’ble National
    between the number of vehicles sold as reported in                Company Law Tribunal, Bangalore (“NCLT”), by filing
    certain press announcements and product delivery                  petitions under Section 9 of the Insolvency and
    timelines in relation to the Company’s Roadster                   Bankruptcy Code, 2016. The said proceedings are
    range. After considering the matter and based on                  presently pending before the Hon’ble NCLT and are
    legal advice received, the Parties, with a view to                being contested by OET.
    achieving an expeditious and efficient resolution
    of the proceedings filed a settlement application


                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 37
STATUTORY REPORTS




The aforesaid matters are being appropriately                pending against the Company under the Insolvency
monitored by the Company, and the impact, if any, of         and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 during the year under
such matters on the financial position of the Company        review.
will be assessed and accounted for in accordance with
the applicable accounting standards and regulatory         y COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
requirements.                                                In accordance with Section 118 of the Act, the
                                                             Company has complied with the applicable provisions
y DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS                 of Secretarial Standard–1 (Meetings of the Board
  PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR                      of Directors) and Secretarial Standard–2 (General
  TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN                      Meetings), as issued by the Institute of Company
  STATUS AND COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE:                 Secretaries of India (ICSI) and notified by the Ministry
  There were no significant or material orders passed        of Corporate Affairs.
  by any regulators, courts, or tribunals during the
  financial year that would impact the going concern       y REVISION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND BOARD
  status or the operations of the Company in the future.     REPORT: During the year under review, there was no
                                                             revision in the financial statements or the Board’s
y DOWNSTREAM INVESTMENT: During the financial                Report of the Company.
  year under review, the Company did not undertake
  any downstream investment requiring reporting            y THE DETAILS OF THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE
  under the applicable provisions of the Foreign             AMOUNT OF VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF
  Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and            ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION
  regulations made thereunder.                               DONE WHILE TAKING A LOAN FROM THE BANK
                                                             OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH THE
y DISCLOSURE UNDER SECTION 67(3) OF THE                      REASON THEREOF: During the year under review,
  COMPANIES ACT, 2013: During the year under                 no one-time settlement with any bank or financial
  review, there were no instances of non-exercising of       institution was undertaken. Accordingly, the
  voting rights in respect of shares purchased directly      disclosure regarding differences in valuation at
  by employees under a scheme pursuant to Section            the time of one-time settlement and at the time of
  67(3) of the Act read with Rule 16(4) of Companies         availing loans is not applicable
  (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014.
                                                           y DISCLOSURE WITH RESPECT TO DEMAT SUSPENSE/
y DISCLOSURE WITH RESPECT TO REMUNERATION                    UNCLAIMED SUSPENSE ACCOUNT: The Company
  DRAWN BY MANAGING DIRECTOR/ WHOLE-TIME                     does not maintain any Demat Suspense/ Unclaimed
  DIRECTOR FROM HOLDING/ SUBSIDIARY COMPANY                  Suspense Account and accordingly the disclosure
  UNDER SECTION OF 197(14) OF THE ACT: The                   pertaining as required under Schedule V Para F
  Managing Director of the Company does not draw             of SEBI Listing Regulations is not applicable to the
  any remuneration from any of the subsidiary(s) of the      Company for the period under review
  Company.

y MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                       28. EVENTS OCCURRING POST CLOSURE OF
  REPORT: In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34          FINANCIAL YEAR AND UP TO THE DATE OF THE
  of the SEBI Listing Regulations, a detailed analysis         REPORT:
  of your Company’s performance is discussed in the
                                                             In furtherance of the above disclosures, the following
  Management Discussion and Analysis Report is
                                                             event has occurred after the closure of financial year
  annexed as Annexure VII, forming part of this Annual
                                                             and up to the date of this report:
  Report.
                                                           (a) 
                                                               Capital Raising    through    Qualified   Institutions
y CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT: The Company
                                                               Placement (QIP):
  has complied with the applicable provisions of the
  Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations with respect to       The Company, pursuant to the approval of its Board
  corporate governance. A detailed report on corporate       of Directors and shareholders, undertook a Qualified
  governance is annexed as Annexure VIII, forming part       Institutions Placement (“QIP”) in accordance with
  of this Annual Report.                                     Chapter VI of the Securities and Exchange Board of
                                                             India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
y DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR ANY PENDING
                                                             Regulations, 2018, as amended, and Section 42 of the
  PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE INSOLVENCY AND
                                                             Companies Act, 2013.
  BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016 DURING THE YEAR
  ALONG WITH THEIR STATUS AS THE END OF THE                  Pursuant to the aforesaid approvals, the Fund Raising
  FINANCIAL YEAR: During the financial year under            Committee of the Board, at its meeting held on
  review, there was no application made or proceeding        June 4, 2026, approved the issuance and allotment


38
STATUTORY REPORTS




  of 217,578,428 equity shares of face value of INR10        and general corporate purposes, as outlined in the
  each at an issue price of INR 35.86 per equity share       Placement Document.
  (including a premium of INR 25.86 per equity share),
  aggregating to INR 7,802,362,428.08 (Indian Rupees
                                                           29. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:
  Seven Hundred Eighty Crore Twenty-Three Lakh
  Sixty-Two Thousand Four Hundred Twenty-Eight and         Your directors express their heartfelt gratitude to
  Eight Paise only).                                       the members, customers, suppliers, bankers, Stock
                                                           Exchange(s), government and all other stakeholders
  Consequent to the aforesaid allotment, the paid-up
                                                           for their continuous support to the Company and their
  equity share capital of the Company stands increased
                                                           confidence in its Management. The directors would
  from INR 4410,82,98,850/- (Indian Rupees Four
                                                           also like to convey its appreciation to the employees at
  Thousand Four Hundred Ten Crore Eighty-Two Lakh
                                                           all levels for their significant contribution towards the
  Ninety-Eight Thousand Eight Hundred Fifty only),
                                                           Company’s performance.
  comprising 441,08,29,885 equity shares of ₨10/-
  each, to INR 4,628,40,83,130/- (Indian Rupees Four       For and on behalf of the Board
  Thousand Six Hundred Twenty-Eight Crore Forty
  Lakh Eighty-Three Thousand One Hundred Thirty            Sd/- 								
  only), comprising 462,84,08,313 equity shares of         Bhavish Aggarwal 						
  ₨10/- each.                                              Chairman and Managing Director 				
                                                           DIN: 03287473
  The proceeds from the QIP will be utilised towards
                                                           Date: 05 September 2026		
  repayment/prepayment, in part or in full, of certain
  outstanding borrowings availed by the Company            Place: Bengaluru
  and its material subsidiaries, expenditure incurred in
  relation to the Company’s organic growth initiatives




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           39
40
     Annexure-I
     FORM NO. AOC-1
      Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures (Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of
     PART “A”: SUBSIDIARIES                           section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
     1. Number of subsidiaries: 5 direct subsidiaries and 5 stepdown subsidiaries                                                                                                           Amounts are in INR Lakhs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       STATUTORY REPORTS




      Particulars                               Subsidiary         Subsidiary       Subsidiary     Subsidiary     Subsidiary     Step-down        Step-down        Step-down         Step-down        Step-down
                                                                                                                                 subsidiary       subsidiary       subsidiary        subsidiary       subsidiary
      Name of the subsidiary                    Ola Electric       Ola Cell         Ola Electric   Ola            Ola Electric   Etergo B.V.      Etergo           Ola Electric UK   Ola              EIA Trading
                                                Technologies       Technologies     Charging       Electric       Mobility                        Operations BV    Private Limited   Electric         (Shanghai)
                                                Private            Private          Private        Mobility       B.V.                                                               Technologies     Co. Ltd.
                                                Limited            Limited          Limited        Inc.                                                                              B.V.
      Provision pursuant to which the           Section 2          Section 2        Section 2      Section2       Section 2      Section 2        Section 2        Section 2         Section 2(       Section 2
      Company has become subsidiary             (87)(ii)           (87)(ii)         (87)(ii)       (87)(ii)       (87)(ii)       (87)(ii)         (87)(ii)         (87)(ii)          87)(ii)          (87)(ii)

      Date of Incorporation / acquisition       6 January          5 July           21             29 May         29 April       26 May           26 May           21 January        27 May           26 May
                                                2021               2022             December       2019           2020           2020             2020             2021              2022             2023
                                                                                    2021
      Reporting period for the subsidiary                                           -              -              -              -                1 January 2025   -                 -                -
      concerned, if different from the                                                                                                            to 31 December
      holding company’s reporting period                                                                                                          2025
      Reporting currency and exchange                                                              Currency:      Currency:      Currency:        Currency: EURO   Currency: GBP     Currency:        Currency:
      rate as on the last date of the                                                              USD            EURO           EURO                                                EURO             Renminbi
      relevant financial year in the case of                                                                                                      Exchange Rate                                       (RMB)
      foreign subsidiaries                                                                         Exchange       Exchange       Exchange                                            Exchange
                                                Currency:          Currency:        Currency:      rate:          Rate           Rate             1 EURO =         Exchange          Rate             Exchange
                                                INR                INR              INR                                                           109.0064         Rate: 1 GBP =                      Rate:
                                                                                                   1 USD =        1 EURO =       1 EURO =         INR              125.6347          1 EURO =
                                                                                                   94.6543        109.0064       109.0064                          INR               109.0064         1 RMB =
                                                                                                   INR            INR            INR                                                 INR              13.6441 INR
      Share capital*^                           771800             212809           906            8887           31539          1087             0                16607             9                0
      Reserves & surplus                        -684400            -56551           -388           -7083          -11353         500              -11              -4452             -5               0
      Total assets                              444000             306203           646            2485           20583          830              1                12348             5                0
      Total Liabilities                         356600             149945           128            682            398            235              12               193               1.16             0
      Investments                               0                  75000            0              0              20339          0                0                0                 0                0
      Turnover~                                 234800             7828             0              0              0.48           2                0                18                0                0
      Profit before taxation                    -143900            -31925           -39            -237           196.17         -111             0                -806              -2               0
      Provision for taxation                    0                  0                0              0              0              0                0                0                 0                0
      Profit after taxation                     -143900            -31925           -39            -237           196.17         -111             0                -806              -2               0
      Proposed Dividend                         0                  0                0              0              0              0                0                0                 0                0
      % of shareholding                         100%               100%             100%           100%           100%           100%             100%             100%              100%             100%

     “*” Including Compulsory Convertible Debentures or Compulsory Convertible Preference Share, “^” Share Application Money Pending Allotment & “~”
     Other Income (where applicable)1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: 1
     2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a subsidiary during the year: Nil
                                                                                                          PART “B”: ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
                                                          Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures


                        Name of Associates/Joint Ventures                                                          Name of Associate Companies / Joint Ventures

                        1. Latest audited Balance Sheet Date
                                                                                                                                                                                        STATUTORY REPORTS




                        2. Shares of Associate/Joint Ventures held by the company on the year end

                        No.

                        Amount of Investment in Associates/Joint Venture

                        Extend of Holding %                                                                                            NIL
                        3. Description of how there is significant influence

                        4. Reason why the associate/joint venture is not consolidated

                        5. Net worth attributable to Shareholding as per latest audited Balance Sheet

                        6. Profit / Loss for the year

                        i. Considered in Consolidation

                        ii. Not Considered in Consolidation



                        1. Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations. -Nil
                        2. Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year- Nil

                        For and on behalf of the Board


                        Sd/-                                                             Sd/-                                                                 Sd/-
                        Bhavish Aggarwal                                                 Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti                                     Deepak Rastogi
                        Chairman and Managing Director                                   Director                                                             Chief Financial Officer
                        DIN: 03287473
                                                                                         DIN: 01338477
                        Date: 05.09.2026
                                                                                         Date: 05.09.2026                                                     Date: 05.09.2026
                        Place: Bengaluru
                                                                                         Place: Toronto, Canada                                               Place: Bengaluru




ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26
                        Notes: As on the date of signing this annexure, the Company does not have Company Secretary & Compliance Officer.
                        Hence, Form AOC-1 is not being signed by Mr. Abhishek Jain, who resigned with effect from August 28, 2026, who had
                        signed the financial statement for financial year ended March 31, 2026.




41
STATUTORY REPORTS

Annexure II
          ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (“CSR”) ACTIVITIES

                           (Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies
                                       (Corporate Social Resposibilities) Rules 2014)
1.   Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:

     Ola Electric Mobility Limited (‘the Company’) is committed to creating a positive social impact through its
     growing operations and sustainable business practices. Apart from continuously fulfilling all its regulatory
     requirements related to the laws of the land, the Company believes in a well-structured corporate social
     responsibility (CSR) culture, with a CSR policy framed to drive planning, implementation and evaluation of
     initiatives and resources.
2.   Composition of CSR committee and meeting(s) held

     The constitution of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is mentioned below:


      Sl.no.   Name of the Member                                        Designation                 Category



      1        Mr. Krishna Murthy Venugopala Tenneti                     Chairperson           Non-Executive Director


      2        Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                                        Member               Independent Non-
                                                                                                 Executive Director

      3        Ms. Shradha Sharma                                           Member               Independent Non-
                                                                                                  Executive Director

     Durig this financial year under review, no meeting of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was held.

3.   The web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are
     disclosed on the website of the company:
      Composition of CSR           https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/directors-profile
      committee

      CSR Policy of the            https://cdn.olaelectric.com/sites/evdp/pages/investor/policies/documents/
      Company                      corporate-social-responsibility%20Policy.pdf?_gl=1*32z3v8*_gcl_
                                   au*MTMwNDQ5NTQyNy4xNzQ3OTgwMjQy

      CSR projects approved        Not Applicable
      by the Board

4.   Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of impact assessment of CSR Projects carried out in
     pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable: Not applicable.


5.   (a) Average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Nil, due to aggregated losses
        during three preceding financial years.
     (b) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Not applicable.
     (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:
         Not applicable.
     (d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Not applicable.
     (e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year ((5b)+(5c)- (5d)): Not applicable



42
STATUTORY REPORTS




6.   (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both ongoing project and other than ongoing project): Not applicable.
     (b) A
          mount spent in administrative overheads: Not applicable.
     (c) Amount spent on impact assessment, if applicable: Not applicable.
     (d) Total amount spent for the financial year ((6a)+(6b)+(6c)): Not applicable.
     (e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year: Not applicable.
     (f) Excess amount for set-off, if any: Not applicable.

7.   Details of unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: Not applicable

8.   Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through CSR amount spent in the financial year:
     Not applicable.

9.   Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per sub-
     section (5) of section 135: Not applicable.


For and on behalf of the Board

                                                                                                                 Sd/-
Sd/- 								
                                                                                 Krishna Murthy Venugopalatenneti
Bhavish Aggarwal 						
                                                                                           Chairman of CSR Committee
Chairman and Managing Director 				
                                                                                                        DIN: 01338477
DIN: 03287473
                                                                                                     Date: 05.09.2026
Date: 05.09.2026
                                                                                                Place: Toronto, Canada
Place: Bengaluru




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26       43
STATUTORY REPORTS



Annexure III
                                                     Form No. MR-3
            SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
      (Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and
                                  Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014)


To,
The Board of Directors,
OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
Address: Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech,
Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67,
Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI BK,
Bangalore-560095, Karnataka, India.


We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to
good corporate practices by OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED (hereinafter called the “Company”). The Secretarial
Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conduct/
statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.


Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has,
during the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the
extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:


We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026, according to the provisions of:
i.     The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Rules made thereunder;
ii.    The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder;
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Byelaws framed thereunder;
iv. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder. To the
    extent applicable;
v.     The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act,
       1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
       a.    Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
       b.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
             Regulations, 2011. To the extent applicable;
       c.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
       d.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
             2018; To the extent applicable;
       e.    The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
             Regulations, 2021;
       f.    Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021
            – Not applicable as the Company has not issued any non convertible securities during the financial year
            under review;
       g.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,
            1993 - Not applicable as the Company is not registered as Registrar to an Issue and Share Transfer Agent
            during the financial year under review;



44
STATUTORY REPORTS




      h.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 – Not applicable
           as the Company has not delisted its equity shares from any stock exchange during the financial year under
           review; and
      i.   The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable as
           the Company has not done any buyback of its securities during the financial year under review.


The following key / significant laws as specifically applicable to the Company: -
1.    The Employees’ Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 & EPF, FPF Schemes
2.    The Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948 & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules
3.    The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules if any
4.    The Payment of Gratuity Act & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules if any
5.    The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 & its Rules
6.    The Employee’s Compensation Act, 1923.
7.    Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013


We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses/regulations of the following:
(i)   Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI); and
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of
     India Ltd.


During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
We further report that: -
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with a proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took
place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
All meetings, though convened at shorter notice, were duly intimated to all Directors. The agenda and comprehensive
notes thereon were circulated in advance to facilitate informed participation in the proceedings, and a system
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and
for meaningful participation at the meeting.
Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ views, if any, are captured and recorded as part
of the minutes.
We further report that based on review of compliance mechanism established by the Company and on the basis of
the Compliance Certificate(s) issued by the Company Secretary and taken on record by the Board of Directors at
their meeting(s), we are of the opinion that the management has adequate systems and processes commensurate
with its size and operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and
guidelines; and
As informed, the Company has responded to notices for demands, claims, penalties etc. levied by various statutory/
regulatory authorities and initiated actions for corrective measures, wherever necessary.
We further report that:

1. The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 22, 2025, approved the proposal of fund
   raising by borrowing funds within the borrowing limits as earlier approved by the shareholders of the Company,
   by way of term loans, working capital facilities; or issuance of Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) or any other
   eligible debt securities, in one or more tranches, on a private placement basis or such other methods, as may be
   permitted under applicable laws.

2. The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on July 25, 2025, approved the variation in the Objects/
   terms of utilization of the Initial Public Offering (IPO’) proceeds and extension of time limit for utilization of the


                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            45
STATUTORY REPORTS




     IPO proceeds. The same was subsequently approved by the members at the meeting held on August 22, 2025.

     Further, the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on March 18, 2026, approved a further variation in the objects/
     terms of utilization of the IPO proceeds and modification of the time limit for utilization of the IPO proceeds. The
     same was subsequently approved by the members at the meeting held on April 22, 2026.

3. The Board of Directors at its meeting held on October 25, 2025, approved the raising of funds not exceeding upto
   INR 1500 crores only (Indian Rupees Fifteen Hundred Crores Only), which was subsequently approved by the
   shareholders via special resolution through postal ballot on November 27, 2025.




                                                                                                     For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                                  Company Secretaries



Place: Mumbai
Date: 05.09.2026                                                                               CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN: A0477202H001383179                                                                                        Partner
                                                                                         ACS No: 47702, CP No: 27905
                                                                                                    PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                                Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200


This report to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of
this report.




46
STATUTORY REPORTS



‘Annexure A’
To,
The Board of Directors
Ola Electric Mobility Limited
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech,
Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67,
Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore,
Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 560095



Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.   Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility
     is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.   We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about
     the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on a test basis to ensure
     that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed
     provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.   We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of
     the Company.
4.   Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and
     regulations and happening of events etc.
5.   The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the
     responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on a test basis.
6.   The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy
     or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7.   We further report that, based on the information provided by the Company, its officers, and authorised
     representatives during the conduct of the audit and also on the review of quarterly compliance report issued
     by the respective departmental heads/Company Secretary/Managing Director & CEO, taken on record by
     the Board of the Company, in our opinion adequate systems and process and control mechanism exist in the
     Company to monitor compliance with applicable general laws like labour laws & Environment laws and Data
     protection policy.
8.   We further report that the Compliance by the Company of applicable financial laws like Direct & Indirect tax
     laws has not been reviewed in this audit since the same has been subject to review by the statutory financial
     audit and other designated professionals.

                                                                                                   For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                                Company Secretaries



Place: Mumbai
Date: 05.09.2026                                                                             CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN: A0477202H001383179                                                                                       Partner
                                                                                        ACS No: 47702, CP No: 27905
                                                                                                   PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                               Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           47
STATUTORY REPORTS



Annexure IV
                                                    Form No. MR-3
         SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
     (Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and
                                 Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014)


To,
The Members,
OLA ELECTRIC TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
CIN: U34300KA2021PTC142884
Ola Campus, Wing C,
Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road,
Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140,
Industrial Layout, Koramangala VI Bk,
Bangalore South, Karnataka - 560095, India,

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to
good corporate practices by OLA ELECTRIC TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED (hereinafter called the “Company”).
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us with a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate
conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has,
during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2026, complied with the statutory provisions
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to
the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms, and returns filed, and other records maintained by the
Company for the financial year ended on 31st March 2026 according to the provisions of:


1.    The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made thereunder and the relevant provisions of the Act;
2.    The Depositories Act, 1996 and the regulations and bye-laws framed thereunder;
3.    Applicability of the following provisions of the Acts to the Company for the Financial Year under review:
      i. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder: - To the extent
         applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of a Listed Company;
      ii. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent
          of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings: - To the
          extent applicable;
      iii. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
           2015: - To the extent applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of a Listed Company;
      iv. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015: - To the extent
          applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of a Listed Company;
      v. Provisions of the Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
         Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): To the extent applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of
         a Listed Company




48
STATUTORY REPORTS




4.   We have reviewed the following other laws specifically applicable to the Company:
     a) The Employees’ Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 & EPF, FPF Schemes;
     b) The Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948 & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules;
     c) The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules if any;
     d) The Payment of Gratuity Act & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules if any;
     e) The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 & its Rules;
     f) The Employee's Compensation Act, 1923;
     g) Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013;
     h) The Factories Act, 1948 and Rules made thereunder.


5.	We further report that having regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company, we have not
    reviewed the other laws specifically applicable to the Company.

We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute
of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for the board meetings and
general meetings.

During the year under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.


We further report that: -
     y   The Board of Directors (“Board”) of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive
         Directors, Non-executive Directors and Independent Director. The changes in the composition of the
         Board of Directors that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the
         provisions of the Act.
     y   All meetings, though convened at shorter notice, were duly intimated to all Directors. The agenda and
         comprehensive notes thereon were circulated in advance to facilitate informed participation in the
         proceedings, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the
         agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
     y   As per the minutes of the meetings, the decisions of the Board were taken unanimously.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with its size and
operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
However, the statutory auditors have reported two offences of suspected fraud, committed by the employees of
the Company involving an amount exceeding INR 1 crore. Accordingly, the said fraud was reported to the central
government by filing e-form ADT-4 dated 9th July 2025 and e-form ADT-4 dated 4th June 2026.
As informed, the Company has responded to notices for demands, claims, penalties etc. levied by various statutory
/ regulatory authorities and initiated actions for corrective measures, wherever necessary.


We further report that during the period under review, the Company has:


a)   Issuance of Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares

     i. Pursuant to the shareholders’ approval obtained on 21st August 2024 for the issue of 340,00,00,000 Series
        A Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (“Series A CCPS”) of ₨10 each on a rights basis, the Board of
        Directors, approved the issuance and allotment of the Series A CCPS in the following manner:
     a. At its meeting held on 31st March 2025, the Board approved the issuance of 50,00,00,000 Series A CCPS and
        thereafter allotted the same at its meeting held on 15th May 2025.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26         49
STATUTORY REPORTS




      b. At its meeting held on 29th May 2025, the Board approved the issuance of 50,00,00,000 Series A CCPS out
         of which 20,00,00,000 Series A CCPS were allotted by board at its meeting held on 29th July 2025.
      c. At its meeting held on 29th July 2025, the Board approved the issuance of 30,00,00,000 Series A CCPS out
         of which 15,00,00,000 Series A CCPS were allotted by board at its meeting held on 27th September 2025.
      d. At its meeting held on 20 th January 2026, the Board approved the issuance of 4,00,00,000 Series A CCPS
         and the allotment has been duly approved by the Board at its meeting held on 27th March 2026.
      e. At its meeting held on 16th March 2026, approved the issuance of 11,00,00,000 Series A CCPS out of which
         5,00,00,000 Series A CCPS were allotted by board at its meeting held on 27th March 2026.
ii. The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 29th May, 2025, approved the issuance of 40,00,00,000 Series A
     Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (“Series A CCPS”) of face value ₨10 each on a right issue basis in one
     or more tranches which was subsequently approved by the shareholders at their meeting held on 13th June 2025.
     No allotment has been made during the financial year.


b) Issuance of Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares

      i. The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 30 th September 2025, approved the issuance of upto
         87,76,40,000 non-cumulative and non-participating 0.001% Series A Optionally Convertible Redeemable
         Preference Shares (“OCRPS”) of face value ₨10 each on a preferential basis through private placement,
         which was subsequently approved by the shareholders at their meeting held on the September 30, 2025.
         Further, 40,00,00,000 OCRPS were allotted by the Board at its meeting held on 7th October 2025 and
         remaining 47,76,40,000 OCRPS were cancelled by the Board at its meeting held on 23rd October 2025.
      ii. The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 23rd October 2025, approved the issuance of upto 47,76,40,000
          non-cumulative and non-participating 0.001% Series A Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference
          Shares (“OCRPS”) of face value ₨10 each on a preferential basis through private placement, which was
          subsequently approved by the shareholders at their meeting held on the 23rd October 2025. Further,
          25,00,00,000 OCRPS were allotted by the Board at its meeting held on 29th October 2025 and 10,00,00,000
          OCRPS were allotted by the Board at its meeting held on December 23, 2025.


c) 
   Increase the borrowing powers of Company under Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013:

  The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 15th May 2025, approved the enhancement of the Company’s
  borrowing limits pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, up to an aggregate
  amount not exceeding ₨3,500 Crores. The shareholders subsequently approved the said proposal at their
  meeting held on 16th May 2025.

d) Creation of charge / lien over the assets of the Company under section180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013:

     The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 15th May 2025, approved the creation of charge and/or lien over
     the assets of the Company, pursuant to the provisions of Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 2013, for
     securing borrowings up to an aggregate amount not exceeding ₨3,500 Crores. The shareholders subsequently
     approved the said proposal at their meeting held on 16th May 2025.


                                                                                                  For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                               Company Secretaries
Place: Mumbai
Date: 05.09.2026                                                                            CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN:A047702H001383291                                                                                        Partner
                                                                                       ACS No: 47702, CP No: 27905
                                                                                                  PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                              Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200


This report to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of
this report.

50
STATUTORY REPORTS



‘Annexure A’
To,
The Members,
OLA ELECTRIC TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
CIN: U34300KA2021PTC142884
Ola Campus, Wing C,
Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road,
Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140,
Industrial Layout, Koramangala VI Bk,
Bangalore South, Karnataka - 560095, India.



Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.   Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility
     is to express as opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.   We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about
     the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure
     that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed
     provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.   We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of
     the Company.
4.   Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and
     regulations and happening of events etc.
5.   The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the
     responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.   The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy
     or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7.   We further report that, based on the information provided by the Company, its officers, authorised
     representatives during the conduct of the audit, in our opinion adequate systems and process and control
     mechanism exist in the Company to monitor compliance with applicable general laws like labour laws &
     Environment laws and Data protection policy.
8.   We further report that the Compliance by the Company of applicable financial laws like Direct & Indirect tax
     laws has not been reviewed in this audit since the same has been subject to review by the statutory financial
     audit and other designated professionals.




                                                                                                   For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                                Company Secretaries



Place: Mumbai
Date: 05.09.2026                                                                             CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN: A047702H001383291                                                                                        Partner
                                                                                        ACS No: 47702, CP No: 27905
                                                                                                   PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                               Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           51
STATUTORY REPORTS



Annexure IV
                                                    Form No. MR-3
           SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
     [Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and
                                 Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014]


To,
The Members,
OLA CELL TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
CIN: U31900KA2022PTC163344
Ola Campus, Wing C,
Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road,
Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140,
Industrial Layout, Koramangala VI Bk,
Bangalore South, Karnataka - 560095, India,


We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence
to good corporate practices by OLA CELL TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED (hereinafter called the “Company”).
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us with a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate
conducts / statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other
records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and
authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the
Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2026, complied with the
statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms, and returns filed, and other records maintained by
the Company for the financial year ended on 31st March 2026 according to the provisions of:

1. The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the rules made thereunder and the relevant provisions of the Act;
2. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
3. Applicability of the following provisions of the Acts to the Company for the Financial Year under review:

     i.    The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder: - To the extent
           applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of a Listed Company;
     ii.   Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent
           of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings: - To the
           extent applicable;
     iii. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
          2015: - To the extent applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of a
          Listed Company;
     iv. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015: - To the
         extent applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary of a Listed Company;
     v.    Provisions of the Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India
           Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): To the extent applicable to an Unlisted Company which is wholly-owned subsidiary
           of a Listed Company




52
STATUTORY REPORTS




4.   We have reviewed the following other laws specifically applicable to the Company:

     a.   The Employees’ Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 & EPF, FPF Schemes;
     b.   The Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948 & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules;
     c.   The Payment of Bonus Act, 1965 & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules if any;
     d.   The Payment of Gratuity Act & its Central Rules/ Concerned State Rules if any;
     e.   The Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 & its Rules;
     f.   The Employee’s Compensation Act, 1923;
     g.   Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013;
     h.   The Factories Act, 1948 and Rules made thereunder

5. We further report that having regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company, we have not reviewed
   the other laws specifically applicable to the Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute
of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for the board meetings and
general meetings.
During the year under review, the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations,
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
We further report that: -
y The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
  executive Directors and Independent Director. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that
  took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
y All meetings, though convened at shorter notice, were duly intimated to all Directors. The agenda and
  comprehensive notes thereon were circulated in advance to facilitate informed participation in the proceedings,
  and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before
  the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
y As per the minutes of the meetings, the decisions of the Board were taken unanimously.


We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with its size and
operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

As informed, the Company has responded to notices for demands, claims, penalties etc. levied by various statutory
/ regulatory authorities and initiated actions for corrective measures, wherever necessary.

We further report that during the period under review, the Company has:

a)   Issuance of Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares:


i. The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 30th March 2025, approved the issuance of 26,02,00,000 Series
   A Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (“Series A CCPS”) of ₨10 each on a rights basis. The proposal was
   subsequently approved by the members at their meeting held on 31st March, 2025. The allotment of 6,12,00,000
   Series A CCPS was made in FY 2024-25 and remaining 19,90,00,000 Series A CCPS was duly allotted by the Board
   at its meeting held on 15th May 2025.
ii. The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on 15th May 2025, approved the issuance of 4,40,00,000 Series A
    CCPS of ₨10 each on a rights basis. The proposal was subsequently approved by the members of the Company
    at their meeting held on the 16th May 2025. Further, the allotment of 90,00,000 Series A CCPS was duly made by
     the Board at its meeting held on 4th July, 2025.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26         53
STATUTORY REPORTS




                                                                                             For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                          Company Secretaries



Place: Mumbai
Date: 05.09.2026                                                                       CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN: A047702H001383344                                                                                 Partner
                                                                                  ACS No: 47702, CP No: 27905
                                                                                             PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                         Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200




This report to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of
this report.




54
STATUTORY REPORTS



Annexure A
To,
The Members,
OLA CELL TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED
CIN: U31900KA2022PTC163344
Ola Campus, Wing C,
Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road,
Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140,
Industrial Layout, Koramangala VI Bk,
Bangalore South, Karnataka - 560095, India,


Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company.
   Our responsibility is to express as opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable
   assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification
   was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We
   believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our
   opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of
   Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance
   of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations,
   standards is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the
   verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company
   nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of
   the Company.
7. We further report that, based on the information provided by the Company, its officers,
   authorised representatives during the conduct of the audit, in our opinion adequate systems
   and process and control mechanism exist in the Company to monitor compliance with
   applicable general laws like labour laws & Environment laws and Data protection policy.
8. We further report that the Compliance by the Company of applicable financial laws like Direct
   & Indirect tax laws has not been reviewed in this audit since the same has been subject to
   review by the statutory financial audit and other designated professionals.

                                                                                 For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                               Company Secretaries



Place: Mumbai
Date: 05.09.2026                                                            CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN: A047702H001383344                                                                     Partner
                                                                        ACS No: 47702, CP No: 27905
                                                                                 PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200

                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26       55
STATUTORY REPORTS



Annexure V
                                                Form No. AOC–2
 (Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts)
                                                   Rules, 2014)


Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties
referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions
under third proviso thereto

1.   Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis.

     There were no contracts or arrangements or transactions entered into during the year ended March 31, 2026,
     which were not at arm’s length basis.

2.   Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis.

     There were no material contracts or arrangements or transactions for the year ended March 31, 2026 as per
     the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Thus this disclosure is not applicable.



For and on behalf of the Board



Sd/- 								
Bhavish Aggarwal    					
Chairman and Managing Director 				
DIN: 03287473
Date: 05.09.2026
Place: Bengaluru




56
STATUTORY REPORTS



Annexure VI
          DETAILS OF REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL AND
                             EMPLOYEES AND COMPARATIVES
     (Pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Act, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and
                          Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)

1. The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company
   for the financial year 2025-26

      S. No.        Name                                Designation                                                       Ratio (Times)

       1.           Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                 Chairman and Managing Director                                   13.6
2.   Percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman and Managing
     Director and Company Secretary during the financial year 2025-26, are as under:               INR in Cr
      Sl.    Name of Director                       Designation                                              Remuneration of          % increase in
      no.    /KMP                                                                                            Director/KMP for         Remuneration
                                                                                                             the FY26*                in the FY26

      1      Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                   Chairman and Managing Director                           4.5                      0

      2      Mr. Harish Abichandani*                Chief Financial Officer                                  2.9                      0

      3      Mr. Deepak Rastogi**                   Chief Financial Officer                                  0.9                      NA

      4      Mr. Pritam Das Mohapatra***            Company Secretary and Compliance Officer                 0.1                      NA

      5      Mr. Abhishek Jain****                  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer                 0.2                      NA

      * Mr. Harish Abichandani ceased to hold the office of Chief Financial Officer with effect from January 20, 2026.
      ** Mr. Deepak Rastogi was appointed as Chief Financial Officer with effect from January 20, 2026.
      *** Mr. Pritam Das Mohapatra ceased to hold the office of Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect from June 13, 2025.
      **** Mr. Abhishek Jain was appointed as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer with effect from September 12, 2025.

3.   The median remuneration is 0.33 and the percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the
     financial year 2025-26 is 0%.
4.   The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company as on March 31, 2026: The Company had a total
     of 3 employees on its payroll, comprising of 3 males, 0 female, and 0 transgender employees.
5.   Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel
     in the last Financial Year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and
     justification thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial
     remuneration: Average percentage increase made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial
     personnel in the F.Y 2025-26 was 0% whereas the increase in the managerial remuneration for the F.Y 2025-26
     was 0%.
6.   The key parameters for any variable component of remuneration availed by the directors: Zero
7.   Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company: It is hereby affirmed that
     the remuneration paid is as per the Policy for Remuneration of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and
     other Employees.
For and on behalf of the Board



Sd/- 								
Bhavish Aggarwal    					
Chairman and Managing Director 				
DIN: 03287473
Date: 05.09.2026
Place: Bengaluru

                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                57
Annexure VII




Management 

Discussion 

and Analysis
Strategic and 

Operating Review




58
Overview: A Structural Reset with Stronger Economics
FY 2025-26 was a year of significant transition for Ola Electric Mobility Limited. The Company undertook a
comprehensive reset of its operating model to address service execution, distribution productivity, operating
expenditure, inventory and working-capital management. These actions were intended to establish a leaner and more
accountable operating structure capable of supporting growth with improved unit economics and greater capital
discipline.


Deliveries and revenue contracted materially during the year; however, the underlying economics of the business
strengthened. Consolidated gross margin increased from 17.9% in FY25 to 30.6% in FY26, while gross profit declined by
only 14.4% despite a 50.1% reduction in revenue. Consolidated operating expenditure declined by 33.9%, the adjusted
operating EBITDA loss narrowed by 36.8%, and operating cash outflow reduced by 67.6%. In Q4 FY26, consolidated gross
margin reached 38.5% and the Company recorded positive consolidated cash flow from operations of ₹91 crore.


The Company’s priority is now to convert this stronger operating base into sustained demand, higher asset utilisation and
improved cash generation. In Automotive, the focus is on maintaining service consistency, strengthening the product
portfolio, developing productive distribution and rebuilding volumes without recreating the earlier cost structure. In Cells,
the focus is on commissioning and utilising the 6 GWh platform, improving manufacturing yield and quality, increasing
own-Cell integration and converting identified demand opportunities into qualified commercial sales.

Economic and Industry Context
Indian economy


India's economy remained resilient during FY 2025-26. Provisional estimates released by the Ministry of Statistics
and Programme Implementation indicate real GDP growth of 7.7%, supported by growth in consumption, fixed
capital formation, manufacturing and services. This macroeconomic backdrop remains supportive of long-term
mobility demand, although consumer financing conditions, inflation in input costs and global geopolitical
developments can affect near-term purchasing decisions and manufacturing economics.


Electric two-wheeler industry


The structural case for electric two-wheelers continues to be supported by lower running costs, improving product
capability, increasing consumer awareness and policy support for domestic manufacturing. The competitive
environment, however, intensified during FY26 as established and new manufacturers expanded their portfolios,
pricing activity increased and customers placed greater emphasis on reliability, financing and access to service.


The industry's next stage is likely to be defined less by initial product availability and more by the quality of execution
across the full ownership cycle. Product economics, battery performance, financing, fulfilment, service accessibility,
warranty experience and resale confidence will influence adoption. For manufacturers, this requires balancing
market development with margin, working capital and service readiness rather than pursuing volume in isolation.


Public policy is also shifting the industry toward deeper localisation. Demand-side support remains relevant, while
production-linked incentives for Automotive components and Advanced Chemistry Cells encourage domestic
technology, manufacturing and value addition. Ola's vertically integrated model is aligned with this direction, but the
commercial benefits depend on reliable production, competitive cost, compliance and sustained customer demand.
                                                                                                                                                                  7.80%
                                                                                                                                               7.76%
                                                                                                          7.17%              6.94%                       5.11%
                                                                                      6.86%
                                                                                                                                      6.22%
                                                 5.43%    5.39%                                                     5.65%
                                                                   4.76%     4.64%              4.87%
                              4.30%     4.52%
             3.26%   3.46%




              117K    138K     151K      218K     217K    219K     181K       242K    305K      223K      287K      333K      307K     299K     313K     360K     443K
            Q4 FY22 Q1 FY23   Q2 FY23   Q3 FY23 Q4 FY23 Q1 FY24   Q2 FY24   Q3 FY24 Q4 FY24 Q1 FY25      Q2 FY25   Q3 FY25   Q4 FY25 Q1 FY26   Q2 FY26   Q3 FY26 Q4 FY26
                                                                            E2W Volumes       EV Penetration

                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26 59
Business Overview and Operating Transition
Business Overview and FY26 Operating Transition


Ola operates across two connected businesses. The Automotive business develops, manufactures and sells electric
two-wheelers and supports customers through software, service and related offerings. The Cell business develops
and manufactures advanced battery Cells for captive mobility, energy-storage and selected external applications.


During FY26, the Company redesigned significant elements of its operating model following a period of rapid
expansion. The reset covered service operations, retail footprint, workforce deployment, expenditure governance,
inventory management, fulfilment and working capital. The objective was to remove duplication, improve
accountability and establish a lower recurring cost base while preserving the capabilities required to support future
growth.


Quarterly progression

The improvement was visible through the year, with consolidated gross margin increasing from 25.8% in Q1 FY26 to
30.9% in Q2, 34.3% in Q3 and 38.5% in Q4. Q3 represented the most intensive phase of the operating intervention,
while Q4 provided evidence of improved service performance, lower operating expenditure and stronger cash-flow
management.


The Q4 outcome should be viewed as an important milestone rather than a normalised run rate, as consolidated
adjusted operating EBITDA and free cash flow remained negative and cash flow also benefited from PLI receipts and
working-capital movements. The central test for the next phase is whether the Company can preserve service,
margin and cost discipline while rebuilding volumes.



























Strong Gross margin expansion

             50%

                                                                                         38.5%
             40%
                                                                         34.3%
                                                         30.9%
             30%                        25.8%


             20%
                        13.7%

             10%


             0%
                      Q4 FY25          Q1 FY26         Q2 FY26         Q3 FY26          Q4 FY26



A leaner operating model

The retail network was rationalised to approximately 700 stores by Q3 FY26 as the Company shifted its focus from
footprint size to location productivity and local relevance. Corporate and operating functions were simplified,
workforce deployment was reviewed and recurring expenditure was subjected to tighter governance.


The objective of the reset was to remove duplication, manual hand-offs and fixed activities that did not create
sufficient customer or financial value. Future investments will be assessed against demand visibility, service
readiness, contribution, cash requirements and the expected utilisation of existing assets.

60
Financial Performance Commentary


Revenue, Volume and Margin Performance




FY26 deliveries were 173,787 units compared with 359,221 units in FY25, while consolidated revenue from operations
declined from ₹4,514 crore to ₹2,253 crore. The contraction reflected weaker demand momentum and the impact of
the service, distribution and operating-model changes undertaken during the year.




Despite the lower revenue base, consolidated gross margin % increased by 12.7 percentage points to 30.6%. Gross
profit declined from ₹806 crore to ₹690 crore, a reduction of only 14.4% compared with the 50.1% decline in
revenue. This reflected stronger unit economics supported by the Gen 3 platform, vertical integration, pricing
architecture, lower warranty costs and cost optimisation. Q4 FY26 consolidated gross margin reached 38.5%, or
33.5% excluding PLI income.




Gross margin will continue to be evaluated alongside volume, contribution and cash conversion. Its sustainability
remains dependent on product mix, pricing, commodity costs, localisation, manufacturing absorption, incentive
eligibility and warranty performance.





Operating Expenditure, Profitability and Cash Flow




Consolidated operating expenditure declined from ₹2,545 crore in FY25 to ₹1,682 crore in FY26. The adjusted
operating EBITDA loss narrowed from ₹1,903 crore to ₹1,203 crore, while the loss after tax narrowed from ₹2,276
crore to ₹1,833 crore. The adjusted operating EBITDA margin remained affected by the lower revenue base,
underscoring the importance of rebuilding productive volumes while maintaining the reset cost structure.




On a quarterly basis, OPEX reduced from ₹779 crore in Q4 FY25 to ₹451 crore in Q1 FY26 and ₹416 crore in Q2 FY26.
Expenditure increased modestly to ₹432 crore in Q3 FY26 during the intensive operating-reset and service-
stabilisation phase, before declining to ₹383 crore in Q4 FY26. This represents a reduction of approximately 51%
compared with Q4 FY25 and 15% through FY26 from Q1 to Q4.































                             1000




                                           779


                              750




                                                             451
                              500                                                        432
                                                                               416
                                                                                                   383




                              250




                                 0
                                      Q4 FY25             Q1 FY26           Q2 FY26    Q3 FY26    Q4 FY26




Cash flow from operations improved from an outflow of ₹2,391 crore in FY25 to an outflow of ₹775 crore in FY26.
Free cash-flow outflow (Cash flow from operations - CAPEX) reduced from ₹3,367 crore to ₹1,492 crore. Q4 FY26
generated positive consolidated cash flow from operations of ₹91 crore, with the Automotive business generating
₹213 crore of operating cash flow and ₹173 crore of free cash flow during the quarter.






                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   61
Automotive Business Review
Gen 3 and vertical integration


The Gen 3 platform forms the foundation of the current Automotive portfolio. Its common architecture, increased
use of internally developed motors and electronics, and integrated software reduce complexity across product
development, manufacturing, diagnostics, service and spare-parts management. These capabilities supported the
improvement in gross margin and provide a common platform for future products.


The Company will continue to internalise technologies that materially influence product performance, economics
and supply-chain resilience, while working with external partners where they provide specialised capability or
efficient scale. Internally developed systems will be scaled after meeting defined requirements relating to safety,
quality, reliability, yield and cost.


Service stabilisation and product quality


Service recovery was a key customer-facing priority during FY26. Improved parts availability, higher technician
productivity, stronger repair capability, process automation and tighter operating governance reduced average
service turnaround time from approximately nine days in October 2025 to nearly one day in March 2026. Service
backlog reduced from 14 days to six days and same-day closures improved to approximately 87%.
 
Importantly, the improvement in service performance coincided with a recovery in registrations. As service
turnaround time, backlog and parts availability improved, registrations increased to 12,166 units in April 2026, up
20% month-on-month, even as the broader electric two-wheeler market declined by more than 22%. This
momentum continued into Q1 FY27, when registrations increased by 97% quarter-on-quarter and market share
improved from 5.1% in Q4 FY26 to 8.4%. While registrations are also influenced by products, pricing, financing,
distribution and broader market conditions, the parallel improvement indicates that restoring service reliability was
an important prerequisite for rebuilding customer trust and demand.


The next priority is to maintain service consistency as volumes recover. Distribution expansion, parts stocking and
service capacity will be planned together, while field-service data will continue to inform engineering, manufacturing
and product-quality improvements.





















Reduction in backlog days and uptake in registrations

                  20000                                                                                                     20




                  15000                                                                                                     15




                  10000                                                                                                     10




                   5000                                                                                                     5




                      0                                                                                                     0
                          Oct - 25   Nov - 25       Dec- 25       Jan _ 26   Feb - 26       Mar - 26   Apr - 26   May- 26
                                                Vahan Registrations          Backlog Days




62
Distribution and installed-base opportunity


The FY26 network reset shifted the emphasis from the number of locations to the productivity, relevance and service
capability of each market. The next phase combines the Company’s digital capabilities with qualified dealer partners
that can provide local reach, customer relationships and market knowledge. More than 1,200 indications of interest
were received following the dealer-partner announcement after year-end; these represent potential partners and
not operational outlets.


Subsequent to the year-end, the dealer-partner model progressed from initial interest to execution. After opening its
sales and service network to dealer partners in August 2026, the Company launched its first cohort of dealer-
operated stores within a month, covering cities and towns across Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Bihar,
Telangana, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. The Company is targeting a network of more than 500 dealerships
over the next couple of quarters, while its existing company-owned stores transition into brand and product
experience centres. The partner-led model is intended to deepen local-market penetration, improve customer
accessibility and enable faster response across geographies.























Our installed base exceeded one million customers after year-end. As this base matures, parts, paid repairs,
maintenance, accessories, software and other post-warranty services can create opportunities for recurring revenue
and deeper customer engagement. Development of these offerings will remain dependent on reliable core service,
transparent customer value and appropriate controls over customer data and privacy.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          63
Cell Business Review

From validation to commercial manufacturing



FY26 marked the transition of the Cell business from technology validation towards commercial manufacturing. The
Company commissioned 2.5 GWh of operational capacity, increased Cell output during the year and commercially
deployed the 4680 Bharat Cell in its vehicles. By the FY26 results date, the core installation required to reach 6 GWh
was largely complete.



The immediate priority is to commission and utilise the 6 GWh platform, improve manufacturing yield and line
stability, and deepen own-Cell integration across the Automotive portfolio. Progress will be evaluated through
qualified output, quality, yield, cost, utilisation, commercial sales and cash collection rather than nameplate capacity
alone.



NMC integration and LFP readiness



The Company’s Cell roadmap includes complementary NMC and LFP technologies. The 4680 NMC Bharat Cell is
commercially deployed and is intended for performance-oriented mobility applications where energy density and
power are important. After the Conclusion of FY26, The 46100 LFP Cell received BIS certification and is vehicle-
ready, providing a cost-optimised platform for mass-mobility and energy-storage applications.



This technology roadmap enables the Company to select the appropriate chemistry and form factor for each
application. NMC Cells can support performance-oriented mobility products, cylindrical LFP Cells can support mass-
mobility and distributed storage, and storage-optimised LFP formats can support larger commercial, industrial and
utility-scale systems.




ACC PLI programme



In May 2026, the Ministry of Heavy Industries revised the milestone timeline applicable to Ola Cell Technologies
under the Advanced Chemistry Cell PLI programme, providing a full five-year incentive window through CY2031 for
its 20 GWh allocation. PLI disbursements are expected to be made quarterly as eligible Cell production and sales
scale, subject to domestic value-addition requirements, verification, continuing compliance and approval by the
relevant authorities.


The programme can support the economics and cash profile of the manufacturing ramp. However, capital allocation
and liquidity planning will continue to be based on prudent assumptions, without relying on the maximum or early
receipt of incentives.




64
Building a diversified demand pipeline


The Cell business is being developed across multiple demand pools. Captive Automotive consumption provides
foundational demand and enables close integration between Cell and vehicle engineering. Energy-storage and
external applications provide additional routes to commercial utilisation, while discussions with global OEMs are
intended to develop a pipeline for external Cell sales.


The Company is also evaluating applications across defence, unmanned aerial vehicles and related strategic sectors.
Domestic Cell manufacturing can provide greater control over technology, traceability and supply-chain continuity
for applications where national security and localisation are important.


The identified pipeline includes more than 35 GWh of opportunities through signed memoranda of understanding.
These opportunities vary in maturity and are not equivalent to firm orders, committed revenue or contracted cash
flow.




 *Ai Generated                               *Ai Generated                                        *Ai Generated




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26 65
Technology and Operating Enablers



Software and AI





Software, artificial intelligence and operating data are being applied across customer acquisition, fulfilment, service,

warranty assessment, manufacturing and Cell research. In Automotive, these capabilities support lead engagement,

service    diagnostics   and     operating     visibility.   In   Cell   R&D      and   manufacturing,       they    support      technical    analysis,

performance modelling, root-cause investigation, yield improvement and quality management.





Technology adoption will be evaluated through measurable outcomes including conversion, cycle time, first-time

resolution, error reduction, yield, quality and cost. Material decisions affecting safety, customer redress, warranty,

legal   rights   or   employment     will   remain     subject      to    appropriate       human     oversight,     access      controls,   validation,

cybersecurity and data-governance requirements.






Manufacturing and supply-chain resilience





Greater control over motors, electronics, software, battery systems and Cells can improve coordination across

product    development      and    reduce      exposure      to   supplier-development            cycles.   It    also   increases   the     Company’s

responsibility for validation, traceability and production quality. Internal technologies will therefore be scaled after

meeting defined performance, safety, reliability, yield and cost requirements.





Supply-chain      localisation    will    be   evaluated      alongside          quality,   availability    and    cost.    Common      data       across

procurement,      manufacturing,         quality    and   inventory       will   support    earlier   identification       of   shortages,    lead-time

changes and quality trends.




Human Capital and Organisational Effectiveness


The FY26 operating reset included changes to workforce deployment, reporting structures and accountability. The

Company simplified roles, reduced duplication and brought decision-making closer to operating issues. As activity

increases, management will continue to monitor productivity, workload, capability gaps and critical-role continuity

while   prioritising   talent   investment     in   engineering,         Cell    R&D,   manufacturing,      quality,     service,   sales    and   dealer

support.




66
Capital Allocation and Use of Existing Assets

The Company has invested substantially in the Futurefactory, the Gigafactory, product platforms, software and
research and development through its Battery Innovation Center. The next phase of value creation will depend
increasingly on improving the utilisation and productivity of these assets.




Capital allocation will therefore prioritise investments linked to commercially validated demand, safety, quality,
maintenance, regulatory compliance and expected returns. Higher throughput through existing infrastructure can
improve fixed-cost absorption and cash generation without requiring a proportionate increase in Automotive capital
expenditure.




Investment decisions will consider utilisation, contribution, customer impact, working-capital requirements,
financing needs and downside scenarios.


Internal Controls and Risk Management

The Board and Management are committed to and responsible for maintaining internal control systems required to
scale, given the complexities of the operations. The framework is intended to support efficient operations, safeguard
assets, prevent and detect fraud and error, maintain accurate records and enable timely and reliable financial
reporting. 

The Audit Committee overseas the internal audit plan and reviews the findings and management actions. The risk
management committee overseas the enterprise risk management process across strategic, operational, financial,
technological and regulatory risks. Business functions are responsible for identifying and managing risks within their
activities, supported by common policies, escalation processes and independent assurances, where appropriate.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          67
Subsequent Developments and Outlook
Post-Year-End Operating Update



Q1 FY27 provided initial evidence that higher activity could be supported by the reset operating structure. Orders
increased by 96% quarter on quarter to 44,071 units, deliveries increased by 94% to 38,443 units and registrations
increased by 97% to 43,921 units. Market share increased from 5.1% in Q4 FY26 to 8.4% in Q1 FY27.



Automotive revenue increased by 72% quarter on quarter to ₹455 crore, Automotive gross margin stood at 30.3%,
and consolidated operating expenditure reduced by 21% quarter on quarter to ₹303 crore from ₹383 crore. The
Company also completed a ₹780 crore qualified institutional placement during Q1 FY27, strengthening liquidity for
the next phase of execution. These indicators relate to the period after FY26 and should not be interpreted as
establishing a sustained recovery.



Post-Year-End Product Portfolio Developments



Mobility portfolio



After the end of FY26, the Company announced the S1Z, its most accessible scooter range, with bookings
commencing at a starting price of ₹79,999. The S1Z is the Company’s first scooter range powered by its domestically
developed Bharat Cell LFP technology and has been designed to address the value-oriented segment of the electric
two-wheeler market.



The product represents the next stage of the Company’s Cell-to-vehicle strategy by combining internally
manufactured LFP Cells with the Automotive product platform. The S1Z is also expected to be among the first
products scaled through the Company’s dealer-operated distribution channel. Product performance, production
ramp-up and deliveries will remain subject to manufacturing and market execution.



Energy-products portfolio



Subsequent to year-end, the Company further developed the market-facing roadmap for its energy-storage
portfolio. Shakti is intended to address distributed residential and commercial storage requirements, with
applications across homes, solar-linked installations, telecom towers, petrol pumps, quick-commerce dark stores
and smaller commercial and industrial facilities.



Mahashakti is being developed for larger commercial, industrial and utility-scale storage requirements. Potential
applications and customer segments include factories, data centres, independent power producers, renewable-
energy developers, utilities and grid-connected storage projects. Together, these products broaden the application
of the Company’s Cell technology beyond captive Automotive consumption and create additional potential demand
for the 6 GWh manufacturing platform.



FY27 Priorities and Outlook: Converting the Reset into Sustainable Growth



In Automotive, the principal priorities for FY27 are to maintain service consistency, rebuild productive volumes,
develop dealer-led distribution, strengthen the product portfolio and deepen engagement with the installed
customer base. Growth will be evaluated through gross margin, contribution, cash conversion and customer
outcomes rather than market share or volumes in isolation.



In Cells, the priority is to commission and utilise the 6 GWh platform, improve manufacturing yield and quality,
increase own-Cell integration and convert the most mature external opportunities into qualified commercial sales.
Demand development across captive mobility, energy storage, global OEMs and specialised applications will be
aligned with manufacturing readiness, working capital and commercial economics.



Across both businesses, the Company will continue to use vertical integration, software and artificial intelligence to
improve operating execution while maintaining safety, governance and capital discipline. The reset cost base and
stronger gross-margin profile create the potential for operating leverage as demand and asset utilisation improve.
The timing and extent of this improvement will remain dependent on demand, pricing, product mix, commodity
costs, service consistency, manufacturing performance, incentive eligibility and access to capital.

68
STATUTORY REPORTS




 ANNEXURE VIII




Report on
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE




                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   69
STATUTORY REPORTS




COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON                                     BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:                                       The Board is fully aware of its roles and responsibilities in
                                                            fulfilling its fiduciary duties. The Board Members strive
The Company’s philosophy on Corporate Governance            to meet the expectation of operational transparency
is rooted in the core ethics, values and morals which       while ensuring the confidentiality of information.
are embedded across the Company fostering a culture
of transparency and trust with our stakeholders. The        The Board is dedicated to upholding robust corporate
Board of Directors (“the Board / Board of Directors”)       governance principles and plays a pivotal role in
is responsible for and committed to sound principles        overseeing the management’s actions to ensure
of Corporate Governance in the Company. The Board           alignment with the short-term and long-term interests
and its Committee’s plays a crucial role in overseeing      of shareholders and other stakeholders.
how the management serves the short and long-term           The composition of the Board is in conformity with
interests of shareholders and other stakeholders. This      Regulation 17(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
belief is reflected in our governance practices, under      Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI
which we strive to maintain an effective, informed, and     Listing Regulations”) and the Companies Act, 2013
independent Board.                                          (“Act”) and comprises of 6 (Six) Directors including
                                                            a Chairman and Managing Director and 5 (five) Non-
At Ola Electric Mobility Limited, responsible corporate     Executive Directors. Out of 5 (Five) Non-Executive
conduct is fundamental to the way we do our business.       Directors, 3 (Three) are Independent Directors.
Our actions are governed by our values and principles,
which are reinforced at all levels within the Company.      The Board composition represents an optimum
We are committed to doing things the right way which        combination of knowledge, experience and skills
means taking business decisions and acting in a way that    from diverse fields including manufacturing, finance,
is ethical and in compliance with applicable legislation.   economics, law, governance, etc. which are required
                                                            by the Board to discharge its responsibilities effectively
Our governance framework features a multi-tiered            and providing efficient leadership and support. The
structure with well-defined roles and responsibilities.     Directors take active part in the deliberations at the
The Board, as the highest governing body, provides          Board and Committee Meetings by providing valuable
strategic    oversight,    monitors       management        guidance and expert advice to the management on
performance, and ensures effective governance. The          various aspects of business, policy direction, strategy,
Board exercises independent judgment and plays a vital      governance, compliance, etc. and play a critical role on
role in overseeing Company affairs, while day-to-day        strategic issues and add value in the decision making
management is handled by a skilled team. The Board has      process of the Board.
established committees to focus on specific areas and
make recommendations. Furthermore, the Company              A. COMPOSITION, CATEGORY AND INTER-SE
has implemented various codes and policies to ensure           RELATIONSHIP OF BOARD:
adherence to best corporate governance practices.
                                                            The composition of the Board is outlined below:
To succeed, we believe, requires the highest standards
of corporate behavior towards everyone we work with,        Sr.
                                                                Name of the Director                 Designation
                                                            No.
the communities we touch and the environment on
which we have an impact.                                    1.   Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                Chairman and
                                                                                                     Managing Director
Corporate Governance in the Company is predicated           2.   Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala        Non-Executive
upon an ethos of transparency, accountability, fairness          Tenneti                             Director
and overall sustainability. It aims at the following:       3.   Mr. Arun Sarin                      Non-Executive
                                                                                                     Director
y Fulfilling long term strategic goals.
                                                            4.   Mr. Manoj Kohli                     Independent Non-
                                                                                                     Executive Director
y Maintain excellent relations with customers and
  suppliers.                                                5.   Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh        Independent Non-
                                                                 Shashank*                           Executive Director
y Taking care of the interests of the associates.           6.   Ms. Shradha Sharma                  Independent Non-
                                                                                                     Executive Director
y Caring for environment and local community.

y Complying with all applicable laws and regulatory
  requirements.



70
STATUTORY REPORTS




*Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank (DIN:                     B. DETAILS OF INTER-SE RELATIONSHIP: None of the
02237496) was appointed as an Independent Non-                       directors are related to each other, either directly or
Executive Director and Mr. Ananth Sankaranarayanan                   indirectly.
(DIN: 07527676) resigned from the post of Independent
Non-Executive Director, with effect from December 5,             C. B
                                                                     OARD     MEETING      AND     ATTENDANCE        OF
2025.                                                               DIRECTORS: During the Financial Year 2025-26,
                                                                    Eleven (11) meetings of the Board were held. The
The detailed profile of the directors is available on the           requisite quorum was present for all the meetings.
website of the Company as well and can be accessed                  The maximum interval between any two meetings did
at      https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/             not exceed 120 days, as prescribed under the Act and
directors-profile                                                   Listing Regulations

The attendance of directors at the Board meetings and last Annual General Meeting is set out below:

                                                        Attendance of Directors

Sl.   Dates on which the      Bhavish   Krishnamurthy    Arun        Manoj          Ananth         Shradha      Navalur
No.   Meetings were held     Aggarwal    Venugopala      Sarin     Kumar Kohli Sankaranarayanan    Sharma      Dattatreya
                                            Tenneti                                                              Singh
                                                                                                               Shashank
1.    May 22, 2025              P           P            P              P               P              P           NA
2.    May 29, 2025              A           P            P              A               P              P           NA
3.    July 14, 2025             P           A            P              P               P              P           NA
4.    July 25, 2025             P           P            P              P               P              P           NA
5.    September 12, 2025        P           P            P              P               P              P           NA
6.    October 25, 2025          P           P            P              P               A              P           NA
7.    November 06, 2025         P           P            P              P               P              P           NA
8.    December 05, 2025         P           P            P              P               P              P           NA
9.    January 19, 2026          P           P            P              P              NA              P            P
10.   February 13, 2026         P           P            P              P              NA              P            P
11.   March 18, 2026            A           P            P              P              NA              P            A
                                          Annual General Meeting
1.    August 22, 2025           P           P            P              P              P               P           NA


During the period under year, Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank (DIN: 02237496) was appointed as an
Independent Non-Executive Director and Mr. Ananth Sankaranarayanan (DIN: 07527676) resigned from the post of
Independent Non-Executive Director, with effect from December 5, 2025.

P: Present                 A: Leave of absence          NA: Not Applicable




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26               71
STATUTORY REPORTS




D. D
    irectorship in other company’s Board, Committee membership(s)/ chairmanship(s) and shareholding of
   Directors: The following table illustrates the number of directorships in other companies and committee positions
   held in other public companies by Directors, their shareholding in the Company’s shares or other convertible
   instruments and names of other listed entities in which Directorships is held, including category of Directorships,
   as on March 31, 2026:


                                   Number of        No. of committee positions in
                                   Directorship     other public companies as                       Number of Directorship held in
                                   in public                                        Shareholding
Name of Director, DIN and category                                                                  Listed Companies (excluding
                                   Companies                                        of Directors
                                                                                                    this company)
                                   including this    Chairperson        Member
                                   Company
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                      1                -               -        12,27,499,575   -
DIN: 03287473
Chairman and Managing Director
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala              2                -               1               -        Indegene Limited (Non-
Tenneti                                                                                             Executive Independent
DIN: 01338477                                                                                       Director)
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Arun Sarin                            1                -               -               -        -
DIN: 01384344
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                     6               3                2               -        1. W eWork India Management
DIN: 00162071                                                                                           Ltd (Non – Executive
Independent Non-executive                                                                               Independent Director)
Director                                                                                            2. C emindia Projects Ltd (Non
                                                                                                        – Executive Independent
                                                                                                        Director)
                                                                                                    3. Exicom Tele-Systems
                                                                                                        Ltd (Non – Executive
                                                                                                        Independent Director)
                                                                                                    4. Triveni Engineering and
                                                                                                        Industries Ltd (Non –
                                                                                                        Executive Independent
                                                                                                        Director)
                                                                                                    5. U nicommerce eSolutions
                                                                                                        Ltd (Non – Executive
                                                                                                        Independent Director)
Ms. Shradha Sharma                        1                -               -               -
DIN: 03557496
Independent Non-executive
Director
Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh              1                -               -              100       -
Shashank
DIN: 02237496
Independent Non-executive
Director

y Includes directorship(s) of all public limited companies              considered.
  (including this company) whether listed or not, as
  well as high value debt-listed entities and excludes               y None of the Directors is a member of more than ten
  private limited companies, foreign companies,                        (10) Committees or Chairperson of more than five
  and companies registered under Section 8 of the                      (5) Committees across all Public Limited Companies
  Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’);                                     based on confirmation received from the directors.

y Only memberships/chairpersonships of Audit                         y All the Directors are appointed or re-appointed with
  Committees   and  Stakeholders’  Relationship                        the approval of the shareholders.
  Committees in public limited companies are                         y The Company has not issued convertible securities.

72
STATUTORY REPORTS




CLASSIFICATION OF THE BOARD                                 y Minutes of the proceedings of the Board Meeting
 50%
                                                              are prepared within the stipulated time as per
                          16.67%
                                                              applicable law and thereafter the same is circulated
                                                              to all Directors for their comments. The minutes of all
                                                              the Committees meeting and meetings of the Board
                                                              of Directors of the Company are placed before the
                                                              Board.
                                   Executive Director       y The Board also passes resolutions by circulation
                                   Non-Executive Director
                                                              on a need basis. The Company has been providing
                                                              the directors with an option to participate in Board
                               	Non-Executive Director-
                                 Independent Director
                                                              Meetings through electronic mode.
                      33.33%

                                                            F. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS: During the financial
                                                               year under review, the Board consists of 3 (three)
E. BOARD PROCEDURE AND FLOW OF INFORMATION:
                                                               Independent Directors.
y The Board meets at least once a quarter to review the
                                                            G. OPINION OF THE BOARD: In the opinion of the Board,
  results and other items on the agenda; once a year
                                                               all Independent Directors fully comply with the
  for approval of annual budgets and strategy and also         requirements prescribed under the Act, including
  on the occasion of the annual shareholders’ meeting.         its amendments, and the SEBI Listing Regulations
  When necessary, additional meetings are held.                and are independent of the management. The
y The Board periodically reviews the strategy, annual          Independent Directors are persons of high repute
  business plan, business performance of the Company           and integrity, possessing the relevant expertise and
  and its key subsidiary, quality, customer centricity,        experience in their respective fields.
  capital expenditure budgets and risk management,
                                                            H. SEPARATE MEETING OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
  safety and environment matters.
                                                               Pursuant to the Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation
y The quarterly, half-yearly and annual results of the         25(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Independent
  Company are first placed before the Audit Committee          Directors met separately on March 31, 2026, without
  of the Company and thereafter the same are placed            the presence of Non-Independent Directors or
  before the Board.                                            representatives of management. The Independent
                                                               Directors, inter-alia reviewed and evaluated the
y A Compliance Certificate, signed by the Chief Financial
                                                               aspects related to the performance of Non-
  Officer and the Chairman and Managing Director
                                                               Independent Directors, the Board and the Chairman,
  in respect of various laws, rules and regulations
                                                               flow of information to the Board, performance of the
  applicable to the Company is placed before the Board         Company, its leadership strengths, governance and
  on a quarterly basis.                                        compliance etc.
y The Board Meetings are convened by giving a
  detailed notice and agenda setting out the business         The Independent Directors also have access to
  to be transacted at the meeting(s).                         Statutory Auditors, Secretarial Auditors, Internal
                                                              Auditor and the Management of the Company for
y The notice and agenda papers are circulated to              discussions and questions, if any.
  the Board by the Company Secretary / Company
  Secretary team or the person authorized by the Board      I. REASONS FOR THE RESIGNATION OF AN
  of the Company along with the explanatory notes              INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR DURING THE FINANCIAL
  and these are distributed in advance to the directors.       YEAR 2025-26: Mr. Ananth Sankaranarayanan (DIN:
  Every member of the Board is free to suggest the             07527676) has resigned from the position of Non-
  inclusion of items on the agenda.                            Executive Independent Director of the Company
                                                               with effect from the close of business hours on
y All divisions/departments in the Company are                 December 5, 2025. Consequently, upon cessation of
  encouraged to plan their functions well in advance,          his directorship, he shall also cease to be a Member
  particularly with regard to matters requiring                of the Committees of the Board of the Company. Mr.
  discussion/ approval/ decision in the board/ committee       Ananth Sankaranarayanan has further confirmed
  meetings. All such matters are communicated to the           that there are no material reasons for his resignation
  Company Secretary or the person authorised by                other than those disclosed in his resignation letter.
  the Board of the Company in advance so that the
  same could be included in the agenda for the Board        J. MAXIMUM TENURE OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
  meetings. The agenda papers are prepared by the              The maximum tenure of Independent Directors is in
  concerned officials of the respective department and         accordance with the Act and Regulation 25(2) of the
  are approved by the Chairman.                                SEBI Listing Regulations.


                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           73
STATUTORY REPORTS




K. TRAINING OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS OF THE                 y Based on the said criteria, a questionnaire cum-rating
   BOARD: All Non-Executive Directors are appointed             sheet for seeking evaluation rating and feedback
   on the Board of the Company are introduced to the            of the Directors in the most confidential manner
   culture through induction sessions. The Executive            with regards to the performance of the Board, its
   Directors and senior management provide an                   committees, the chairperson and individual directors.
   overview of the operations and familiarise the Non-        y From the individual ratings received from the Directors,
   Executive Directors on matters the morals and                a report on summary of the ratings in respect of
   principles of the Company. They are introduced to            performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees,
   the organization structures and various procedures.          the Chairman and directors and a consolidated report
   Non-Executive Directors are also briefed pertaining          thereof for FY 2026 were arrived at.
   to the group structure and subsidiaries. Also, the
   Company has a detailed familiarisation Programme           a. The report of performance evaluation so arrived at
   for Non-Executive Independent Directors to                    was then discussed and noted by the Board at its
   familiarise them with the Company, their roles, rights,       meeting held on September 05, 2026, and the Board
   responsibilities in the Company, the nature of the            expressed its satisfaction with the outcome of the
   industry in which the Company operates, business              performance evaluation.
   model of the Company etc. The said policy is available
   at the website of the Company at https://www.              O. MATRIX SETTING OUT THE CORE SKILLS/
   olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies.                  EXPERTISE/ COMPETENCE OF THE BOARD: In
                                                                 evaluating the Board collectively, it was ensured that
     The details of familiarisation programmes imparted to       the existing members possess the relevant core skills,
     independent directors during the year under review          expertise, and competencies necessary to effectively
     is available at the website of the Company at https://      fulfill their roles within the context of the Company’s
     www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies.            business and industry sectors. The Board remains
                                                                 committed to maintain an appropriate mix of skills,
L. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS LIABILITY INSURANCE
                                                                 experience, expertise, and diversity aligned with
   (D&O POLICY): The Company has in place a D&O Policy
                                                                 the Company’s strategic priorities and governance
   which is renewed every year. It covers directors and
                                                                 responsibilities. In accordance with Schedule V of
   officers of the Company. The Board is of the opinion
                                                                 the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has identified
   that the quantum and risks presently covered are
                                                                 key skills, expertise, and competencies essential for
   adequate.
                                                                 its effective functioning and regularly assesses the
M. CODE OF CONDUCT: In compliance with Regulation                extent to which these are represented among its
   17(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, which mandates         members.
   listed companies to establish a Code of Conduct for        b. Business and Industry, Management: Domain
   their directors and senior management incorporating           knowledge in business and understanding of business
   the duties outlined under the Companies Act, the              environment, optimising the development in the
   Company has adopted a Board approved Code of                  industry for improving the Company’s business.
   Conduct applicable to its Board members and senior
   management. The latest version of the Code is              c. Leadership/ Strategy: Experience of playing leadership
   available on the Company’s website at https://www.            roles in large businesses, with competencies around
   olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies                   strategy development & implementation, sales &
                                                                 marketing, business administration/operations and
N. PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF THE BOARD,                          Organisations and people management.
   ITS COMMITTEES, THE CHAIRMAN AND THE
   DIRECTORS: Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and       d. Financial Expertise: Understanding of financial
   the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Board has carried           policies and financial reporting processes, accounting,
   out an annual performance evaluation of its own               taxation, risk management, internal control, capital
   performance and that of its committees, chairman              allocation, resource utilisation.
   and individual directors.
                                                              e. Governance and Compliance: Possesses board-level
     The manner in which the formal annual evaluation of         experience in reputable organizations, demonstrating
     performance was made by the Board is given below:           a strong ability to guide management in alignment
                                                                 with the best interests of the Company and its
y The evaluation criteria and the process to be followed
                                                                 stakeholders, while upholding the highest standards
  have been duly approved by the Nomination and
                                                                 of corporate governance.
  Remuneration Committee and the Board and were
  found to be in order. This is available on the website      f. Operations & Supply Chain Management: Expertise
  of the Company at https://www.olaelectric.com/                 in manufacturing efficiency, quality control, lean
  investor-relations/policies                                    management, and supply chain optimisation.

74
STATUTORY REPORTS




The Company’s Board is thoughtfully structured to              a well-balanced mix of skills, experience, knowledge,
ensure a high level of diversity across age, gender,           independence, and socio-economic backgrounds,
education, qualifications, professional backgrounds,           complemented by personal attributes such as sound
sector expertise, and special skills, as detailed in the       judgment, integrity, and courage, which collectively
Company’s skills and diversity grid. The Board reflects        strengthen its effectiveness and governance.


Name of Director               Designation        Core skills/expertise/ competencies of directors
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal           Chairman and       Business and Industry, Management, Leadership/ Strategy, Financial
                               Managing Director Expertise, Governance and Compliance and Operations & Supply
                                                  Chain Management
Mr. Krishnamurthy              Non-Executive      Business and Industry, Management, Leadership/ Strategy, Financial
Venugopala Tenneti             Director           Expertise, Governance and Compliance, NGO matters and CSR
Mr. Arun Sarin                 Non-Executive      Business and Industry, Management, Leadership/ Strategy, Financial
                               Director           Expertise, Governance and Compliance and Operations & Supply
                                                  Chain Management
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli          Independent Non- Business and Industry, Management, Leadership/ Strategy, Financial
                               Executive Director Expertise, Governance and Compliance and Operations & Supply
                                                  Chain Management
Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh   Independent Non- Business and Industry, Management, Leadership/ Strategy, Financial
Shashank                       Executive Director Expertise, Governance and Compliance and Operations & Supply
                                                  Chain Management
Ms. Shradha Sharma             Independent Non- Business and Industry, Management, Leadership/ Strategy, Financial
                               Executive Director Expertise, Governance and Compliance, NGO matters and CSR




DETAILS OF COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD:                            TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE:

A.   Audit Committee.                                          The terms of reference of the ACM are as under:
B.   Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
                                                                1.   Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting
C.   Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee.                           process and disclosure of its financial information
D.   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.                      to ensure that the financial statement is correct,
                                                                     sufficient, and credible.
E.   Risk Management Committee.
F.   Fund Raising Committee                                     2.   Recommend appointment, remuneration and
                                                                     terms of appointment of auditors of the Company.
A.   AUDIT COMMITTEE:
                                                                3.   Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any
     The management is responsible for the Company’s                 other services rendered by the statutory auditors.
     internal controls and the financial reporting
     process while statutory auditors are responsible for       4.   Reviewing, with the management, the annual
     performing independent audit of the Company’s                   financial statements and auditor’s report thereon
     financial statements in accordance with generally               before submission to the Board for approval, with
     accepted auditing practices and for issuing report              particular reference to:
     based on such audit. The Board has constituted
     and entrusted the Audit Committee with the                      a.   matters required to be included in the Director’s
     responsibility to supervise these processes and                      Responsibility Statement to be included in the
     thus ensure accurate and timely disclosure that                      Board’s Report in terms of clause (c) of sub-
     maintain the transparency, integrity and quality of                  section 3 of Section 134 of the Companies
     financial control and reporting. The constitution                    Act, 2013.
     of the Audit Committee is in alignment with
     provisions of Section 177 of the Act read with the              b.   changes, if any, in accounting policies and
     Rules issued thereunder and Regulation 18 of SEBI                    practices and reasons for the same.
     Listing Regulations.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26         75
STATUTORY REPORTS




     c.   major     accounting    entries     involving            internal control systems of a material nature and
          estimates based on the exercise of judgment              reporting the matter to the Board
          by management.
                                                            15. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit
     d.   significant adjustments made in the financial         commences, about the nature and scope of audit
          statements arising out of audit findings.             as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any
                                                                area of concern
     e.   compliance with listing and other legal
          requirements relating to financial statements.    16. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults
                                                                in the payment to the depositors, debenture
     f.   disclosure of any related party transactions          holders,shareholders (in case of non-payment of
                                                                declared dividends) and creditors.
     g.   modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
                                                            17. To review the functioning          of    the   Whistle
5.   Reviewing with the management: The quarterly               Blower mechanism.
     financial statements before submission to the
     Board for approval. The statement of uses /            18. Approval of appointment of Chief Financial Officer
     application of funds raised through an issue (public       after assessing the qualifications, experience, and
     issue, rights issue, preferential issue etc.), the         background, etc. of the candidate
     statement of funds utilized for purposes other than
     those stated in the offer document / prospectus /      19. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances
     notice and the report submitted by the monitoring          from/investment by the holding company in the
     agency monitoring the utilization of proceeds of           subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 Crores or 10% of
     a public or rights issue and making appropriate            the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower
     recommendations to the Board to take steps in              including existing loans / advances / investments
     this matter.                                               existing as on April 01, 2019, and

6.   Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and      20. Carrying out any other function as mentioned under
     performance, and effectiveness of audit process.           the Act, the Listing Regulations or decided by the
                                                                Board from time to time
7.   Approval or/and any subsequent modification of
     transactions of the Company with related parties.      21. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits
                                                                and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger,
8.   Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments.         amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and
                                                                its shareholders
9.   Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company,
     wherever it is necessary.                              22. The audit committee to mandatorily review the
                                                                following information:
10. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk
    management systems                                      i.     management discussion and analysis of financial
                                                                   condition and results of operations;
11. Reviewing with the management performance of
    statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the        ii.    management letters / letters of internal control
    internal control systems                                       weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;

12. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function,      iii. internal audit reports       relating   to    internal
    if any, including the structure of the internal audit        control weaknesses;
    department, staffing and seniority of the official
    heading the department, reporting structure             iv. the appointment, removal and terms                  of
    coverage and frequency of internal audit                    remuneration of the chief internal auditor

13. Discussion with internal auditors of any significant    v.     statement of deviations:
    findings and follow up there on.
                                                                  a.   quarterly statement of deviation(s) including
14. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations              report of monitoring agency, if applicable,
    by the internal auditors into matters where there
    is suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of



76
STATUTORY REPORTS




            submitted to stock exchange(s) in terms of              During the financial year 2025-26, the Audit Committee
            Regulation 32(1).                                       met ten (10) times on May 29, 2025, June 30, 2025, July
     b.     annual statement of funds utilized for purposes         14, 2025, July 25, 2025, November 06, 2025, December
            other than those stated in the offer document/          12, 2025, January 19, 2026, February 13, 2026, March
            prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7).         18, 2026 and March 31, 2026, at which proper quorum
                                                                    was present and the gap between two meetings did not
                                                                    exceed one hundred and twenty days.

The composition of the Audit Committee and attendance of each member of the Committee is as mentioned below:

Sl.                                                                                                     Committee Meetings
    Name of the Member                            Designation   Category
No.                                                                                                      Held      Attended
1         Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                   Chairperson   Independent Non-Executive Director       10          10
2         Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti    Member        Non-Executive – Director                 10          8
3         Ms. Shradha Sharma                      Member        Independent Non-Executive Director       10          9
4         Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank   Member        Independent Non-Executive Director        5           3


Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank was appointed                 2.     For every appointment of an independent director,
as the member of Audit Committee with effect from                          the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
December 5,2025. The Company Secretary acts as the                         shall evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and
Secretary to the Committee.                                                experience on the Board and on the basis of such
                                                                           evaluation, prepare a description of the role and
The Minutes of the Audit Committee meetings were                           capabilities required of an independent director.
circulated to the Board, which were discussed and taken                    The person recommended to the Board for
note. The Audit Committee considered and reviewed                          appointment as an independent director shall have
the accounts for the financial year 2025-26, before it                     the capabilities identified in such description. For
was placed to the Board. The Committee periodically                        the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the
interacts with the independent auditors, reviews the                       Committee may:
Company’s financial and risk management policies and                     a.uses the services of an external agencies,
adequacy of internal controls with the management and                      if required;
is responsible for effective supervision of the financial              b. considers candidates from a wide range of
reporting process and compliance with financial                            backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
policies. The Internal Auditor reports directly to the                 c. considers      the    time     commitments      of
Audit Committee.                                                           the candidates.
B. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:                           3. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of Independent
                                                                        Directors and the Board including carrying out
     The composition of Nomination and Remuneration                     evaluation of every director’s performance.
     Committee (“NRC”) of the Company has been
                                                                    4.     Devising a policy on Board diversity.
     constituted in accordance with the Section 178(1)
     of the Act and Regulation 19 of SEBI Listing                   5.     Identifying persons who are qualified to become
     Regulations. The role of the NRC is to oversee the                    Directors and who may be appointed in senior
     selection of directors and senior management                          management in accordance with the criteria
     personnel based on criteria related to the specific                   laid down and recommend to the Board their
     requirement of expertise and independence. The                        appointment and removal
     NRC evaluates the performance of directors and                 6.     Whether to extend or continue the term of
     senior management personnel and recommends                            appointment of the independent director, based
     to the Board the remuneration payable to directors                    on the report of performance evaluation of
     and senior management personnel of the Company                        independent Directors

TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE NOMINATION AND                            7.     Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE:                                                    whatever form, payable to senior management and
                                                                    8.     Such other matters as may be prescribed under
The terms of reference of the NRC are as under:
                                                                           the Act, Listing Regulations and or by the Board of
1.   Formulation of criteria for determining qualifications,               Directors of the Company from time to time
     positive attributes and independence of a director             During the financial year 2025-26, the NRC met four (4)
     and recommend to the Board a policy relating to                times on July 25, 2025, September 12, 2025, December
     the remuneration of the Directors, key managerial              05, 2025 and January 19, 2026, at which proper quorum
     personnel, and other employees.                                was present.

                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            77
STATUTORY REPORTS




The constitution and attendance of each member of the NRC is mentioned below:

Sl.                                                                                                    Committee Meetings
    Name of the Member                         Designation     Category
No.                                                                                                    Held       Attended
1    Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                     Chairperson     Independent Non-Executive Director        4           4
2    Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti      Member          Non-Executive Director                    4           4
3    Ms. Shradha Sharma                        Member          Independent Non-Executive Director        4           2


Performance Evaluation Criteria for Independent                   TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE STAKEHOLDERS’
Directors                                                         RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:
In line with the requirements of the Act and SEBI Listing         The terms of reference of the SRC are as under:
Regulations, the NRC and the Board have defined
                                                                  i.    Resolving the grievances of the security holders
a process and identified criteria for performance
                                                                        of the Company including complaints related to
evaluation of the Board, its Committee, the Chairman
                                                                        transfer/ transmission of shares, non-receipt of
and      individual Board Members, through “Policy
                                                                        annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends,
for evaluation of the performance of the Board of
                                                                        issue of new/duplicate certificates, general
directors” of the Company; which includes the Board
                                                                        meetings etc.,
composition and structure, effectiveness of board
processes, information and functioning, contribution              ii.   Review of measures taken for effective exercise of
of the individual director to the Board and Committee                   voting rights by shareholders.
meetings like preparedness on the issues to be
                                                                  iii. Review of adherence to the service standards
discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution
                                                                       adopted by the Company in respect of numerous
and inputs in meetings, etc.
                                                                       services being rendered by the Registrar & Share
C. STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE:                                Transfer Agent.
     The Stakeholder Relationship Committee (“SRC”) of            iv. Review of the various measures and initiatives
     the Company has been constituted in accordance                   taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of
     with the provisions of Section 178(5) of the Act                 unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of
     and Regulation 20 of SEBI Listing Regulations. The               dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices
     SRC is empowered, inter alia, to review all matters              by the shareholders of the company
     connected with the Company’s share transfers
                                                                  v.    Resolving grievances of debenture holders
     and transmissions and redressal of shareholders/
                                                                        related to creation of charge, payment of interest/
     investors’ complaints like non-transfer of shares,
                                                                        principal, maintenance of security cover and any
     non-receipt of dividend, Annual Report, etc.
                                                                        other covenants.

The composition and the terms of reference of SRC are in line with the requirements of provisions of Section 178(5)
of the Act and Regulation 20 of SEBI Listing Regulations.
The Committee met on March 31, 2026 at which proper quorum was present.
The constitution of the SRC & attendance of each member of the Committee is mentioned below:
                                                                                                        Committee Meetings
Sl. No. Name of the Member                       Designation      Category
                                                                                                         Held      Attended
1      Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti      Chairperson      Non-Executive Director                     1           1
2      Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank     Member           Independent Non-Executive Director         1           1
3      Mr. Arun Sarin                            Member           Non-Executive Director                     1           0

Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank was appointed               During the year under review, all the complaints received
as the member of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee             from investors were replied/resolved to the satisfaction
replacing Mr. Ananth Sankaranarayanan, with effect                of the investors and no complaints are outstanding as
from December 5, 2025. The Company Secretary acts                 on 31 March 2026.
as the Secretary to the Committee.
The committee considers and resolves the grievances
of shareholders, including the complaints related to
transfer / transmission of shares, non-receipt of the
Balance Sheet and non- receipt of declared dividends.

78
STATUTORY REPORTS




NAME,   DESIGNATION                AND       ADDRESS           OF   process of appointing a new Company Secretary and
COMPLIANCE OFFICER:                                                 Compliance Officer.
Mr. Abhishek Jain, Company Secretary and Compliance                 STATUS OF INVESTOR COMPLAINTS AS ON MARCH 31,
Officer of the Company, resigned from his position                  2026 AND REPORTED UNDER REGULATION 13(3) OF
with effect from August 28, 2026, subsequent to                     THE LISTING REGULATIONS
the end of the financial year. The Company is in the
Details of investor complaints received and redressed during the financial year 2025-26 are as follows:
 Opening Balance as on April 01,                                                                 Closing Balance as on March 31,
                                    Received during the year        Resolved during the year
             2025                                                                                             2026

               0                               3                               3                               0


D. CORPORATE SOCIAL                                                      The role of the CSR Committee is as mentioned below:
   RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:
                                                                         a.   Formulate and recommend the Board, a
    The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee                             Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which
    (“CSR Committee”) of the Company is constituted                           shall indicate the activities to be undertaken by
    in accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of                       the Company as specified by law;
    the Act. The Company has formulated a “Corporate
                                                                         b.   Recommend the amount of expenditure to be
    Social Responsibility Policy” in accordance with
                                                                              incurred on the activities specified; and
    changing regulatory norms. The said policy is
    available at the website of the Company at https://                  c.   Monitor the Corporate Social Responsibility
    www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies.                          Policy of the Company from time to time


The constitution and attendance of each member of the CSR Committee is mentioned below: -
Sr. No.     Name of the Member                                      Designation         Category
1           Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti                    Chairperson         Non-Executive Director

2           Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                                   Member              Independent Non-Executive Director

3           Ms. Shradha Sharma                                      Member              Independent Non-Executive Director


There was no change in the composition of the Committee during the period under review.


E. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:                                            undertaken are presented to the Board and the
                                                                         Audit Committee on a periodic manner.
     The Company has constituted a Risk Management
     Committee (“RMC”) and adopted Risk Management                  TERMS  OF    REFERENCE                   OF      THE       RISK
     Policy. Currently, the Company’s Risk Management               MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE:
     approach comprises of the following:
                                                                    The terms of reference of the RMC are as under:
     y    Governance of Risk
                                                                    a.   To formulate a detailed risk management policy
     y    Identification of Risk                                         which shall include:
     y    Assessment and Control of Risk                                 y    A framework for identification of internal and
                                                                              external risks specifically faced by the Company,
     The Company has carried out a company-wide
                                                                              in particular including financial, operational,
     exercise to identify and manage key risks including
                                                                              sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG
     strategic, financial, operational. The management
                                                                              related risks), information, cyber security risks
     has taken responsibility for managing these risks and
                                                                              or any other risk as may be determined by
     is actively working on mitigation measures. These
                                                                              the Committee.
     include better coordination between departments.
     The risks are identified and are presented and                      y    Measures for risk mitigation including
     signed off by the heads of various functions. The                        systems and processes for internal control of
     details of risks identified and mitigation measures                      identified risks.



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26               79
STATUTORY REPORTS




     y     Business continuity plan.                                e.   To keep the Board of Directors informed about
                                                                         the nature and content of its discussions,
b.   Ensure that appropriate methodology, processes
                                                                         recommendations and actions to be taken;
     and systems are in place relating to identification
     and evaluation of all types of risks, namely, strategic,       f.   The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration
     operational, legal and regulatory, Information                      of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject to
     systems and external risks that the Company / its                   review by the Risk Management Committee.
     subsidiaries is exposed to;
                                                                    g.   Discuss with senior management, the adequacy of
c.   To monitor and oversee implementation thereof,                      the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM)
     including evaluating the adequacy of risk                           function and provide oversight as may be needed
     management systems;
                                                                    The composition and terms of reference of the Risk
d.   To periodically review the risk management                     Management Committee of the Company are in
     policy, at least once in two years, including by               accordance with the provisions of Regulation 21 read
     considering the changing industry dynamics and                 with Part D of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.
     evolving complexity;
                                                                    The Committee met on June 30,2025 & January 19,
                                                                    2026 at which proper quorum was present.

The constitution and attendance of each member of the RMC is mentioned below: -

Sr. No.   Name of the Member                      Designation      Category                               Committee Meetings
                                                                                                             Held           Attended
1         Mr. Arun Sarin                          Chairperson      Non-Executive – Director                    2               2

2         Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti Member              Non-Executive – Director                    2               1

3         Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                   Member           Independent Non-Executive Director          2               2

There was no change in the composition of the Committee during the period under review.

F.   FUND RAISING COMMITTEE: The Board had voluntarily constituted the Fund Raising Committee on December
     05, 2025, inter alia to approve and undertake various activities in relation to the proposed Qualified
     Institutional Placement.

The composition of the Fund Raising Committee is given below:

Name of director(s)                                     Position                 Category

Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                                   Chairman                  Chairman and Managing Director
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                                   Member                   Independent Non-Executive Director
Mr. Arun Sarin                                          Member                   Non-Executive Director


DETAILS OF REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS:
Details of remuneration paid to the non-executive and executive directors are given below:
DETAILS OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                                                                           (Rs. In Crore)

Name of the Director       Category                Salary and Allowances*     Bonus/Stock Options           Total

                           Chairman and
Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal       Managing Director                4.5                        -                      4.5
                           (Executive Director)


As stated earlier in this Report, non-executive directors are paid sitting fees and commission.




80
STATUTORY REPORTS




DETAILS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:                                                    (Rs. In Crore)

Name of the Director                   Category                                    Sitting fees     Commission     Total
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopalatenneti Non-Executive Director                            0.08              -           0.08
Mr. Arun Sarin                         Non-Executive Director                         0.06              -           0.06
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                  Independent Non-Executive Director             0.12              -           0.12
Mr. Ananth Sankaranarayanan            Independent Non-Executive Director             0.06              -           0.06
Ms. Shradha Sharma                     Independent Non-Executive Director             0.11              -           0.11
Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank Independent Non-Executive Director                -               -            -

y No stock options were granted to any Non-Executive Director or Independent Director during the financial year under review.
y No severance fee was paid or is payable to any Non-Executive Director or Independent Director.
y Service Contracts and Notice Period: The Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors of the Company are not
  appointed under any service contracts with the Company and, accordingly, no notice period is applicable..


a.   All pecuniary relationship or transactions of the                Nomination and Remuneration Policy to provide
     non-executive directors vis-à-vis the Company:                   a framework for remuneration of members of the
                                                                      Board of directors, key managerial personnel, senior
     There are no pecuniary relationships or transactions             management and other employees of the
     with non-executive independent directors of                      Company. The policy is also available at the website
     the Company apart from payment of annual                         of the Company at https://www.olaelectric.com/i
     remuneration and sitting fees for attending the                  nvestor-relations/policies.
     meetings of the Board committees.
                                                                 c.   Disclosure       with       respect   to   remuneration:
b.   Criteria of making payments to non-executive
     directors:                                                       During the financial year under review, the annual
                                                                      remuneration payable to a single non-executive
     In accordance with the provisions of Section
                                                                      director did not exceed fifty per cent of the total
     178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the SEBI Listing
                                                                      annual remuneration payable to all the non-
     Regulations, the Company has formulated
                                                                      executive directors of the Company.

PARTICULARS OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL:
As on March 31, 2026, the particulars of senior management and changes therein are as under:

Sr. No.   Name                                    Designation

1.        Mr. Shaun William Calvert               Chief Operations Officer
2.        Mr. Samraj Jabez Dhinagar               Head – Vehicle Engineering
3.        Ms. Ramkripa Ananthan                   Head – Vehicle Design
5.        Mr. Deepak Rastogi                      Chief Financial Officer
6.        Mr. Abhishek Jain                       Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

Mr. Vishal Chaturvedi resigned from their positions as Senior Director - New Business Initiative, effective December
31, 2025. Subsequent to the financial year ended March 31, 2026, Mr. Hyun Shik Park, Chief Operations Officer, and
Mr. Abhishek Jain, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer resigned from their respective position with effect
from the close of business hours on September 5, 2026 and August 28, 2026 respectively.

CERTIFICATION FROM MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CFO:                    SEBI Listing Regulations and quarterly certification on
                                                                 financial results while placing the financial results before
The Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of the
                                                                 the Board and Audit Committee in terms of Regulation
Company have jointly provided an annual certification
                                                                 33(2) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
on financial reporting and internal controls to the Board
and Audit Committee in terms of Regulation 17(8) of the




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           81
STATUTORY REPORTS




INFORMATION ON GENERAL BODY MEETINGS AND                        following venues on the respective dates and times.
SPECIAL RESOLUTION(S) PASSED:                                   The special resolutions passed at these meeting are
                                                                as follows:
During the previous three years, the Annual General
Meetings (AGM) of the Company were held at the


AGM for Financial
                         Date          Time                          Venue                           Special Resolutions passed
     Year

     2022-23        November 14,     04:00 PM     Regent Insignia, #414, 3rd Floor, 4th                         No
                       2023                       Block, 17th Main, 100 Feet Ring Road,
                                                  Koramangala, Bengaluru - 560034,
                                                  Karnataka, India
     2023-24        July 23, 2024    05:30 PM     Regent Insignia, #414, 3rd Floor, 4th                         No
                                                  Block, 17th Main, 100 Feet Ring Road,
                                                  Koramangala, Bengaluru - 560034,
                                                  Karnataka, India
     2024-25          August 22,     10:00 AM     Wing C, Ola Campus, Prestige RMZ              1. Variation in the Objects /
                        2025                      Startech, No. 139, 2, Hosur Road,                 terms of utilisation of the
                                                  Koramangala Industrial Layout, S.G. Palya,        Initial Public Offering (“IPO”)
                                                  Bengaluru, Karnataka 560095                       proceeds and extension of
                                                                                                    time limit for utilisation of the
                                                                                                    IPO proceeds
                                                                                                2. Re-appointment of Mr.
                                                                                                    Krishnamurthy Venugopala
                                                                                                    Tenneti (DIN:01338477) as a
                                                                                                    Non- Executive Director of the
                                                                                                    Company.



POSTAL BALLOT & PROCEDURE FOR POSTAL BALLOT:                    22 of the Companies (Management and Administration)
                                                                Rules, 2014, as amended, and relevant MCA General
During the year under review, three postal ballot were
                                                                Circulars. The following special resolutions were passed
conducted in accordance with Section 110 of the Act,
                                                                by the members through this Postal Ballot process. The
and other applicable provisions, along with Rules 20 and
                                                                voting pattern for the same was as follows:


Sr. No.             Financial Year   Date of notice           Special Resolutions passed

1                   2025-26          October 25, 2025         To approve raising of funds through issuance of Securities of
                                                              the Company.
2                   2025-26          January 19, 2026         To approve the appointment of Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh
                                                              Shashank (DIN: 02237496) as a Non-Executive Independent
                                                              Director of the Company.
3                   2025-26          March 18, 2026           Variation in the Objects / terms of utilisation of the Initial Public
                                                              Offering (“IPO”) proceeds and modification of time limit for
                                                              utilisation of the IPO proceeds.


Mr. Pramod SM (FCS No. 7834, CP No. 13784), or in his           Secretaries acted as the Scrutinizers for conducting
absence Mr. Biswajit Ghosh (FCS No. 8750, CP No. 8239),         the Postal Ballot process and remote e-voting in a fair
Partners of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practicing Company              and transparent.




82
STATUTORY REPORTS




1. Details of Postal Ballot Notice dated October 25, 2025.

          Resolution Required : Special           1.     1: To approve raising of funds through issuance of Securities of the Company


Total no. of votes received: 2,76,98,00,193
Total no. of valid votes: 2,76,98,00,193

                     Details                                  No. of votes polled                                 % of Votes

No. of votes/shares received in favor for
                                                               2,76,51,24,286                                      99.8312
the resolution (%):
No. of votes/shares received against the
                                                                  46,75,907                                         0.1688
resolution (%):

Invalid                                                                0                                               0


The resolution was approved by the Members with                             have been passed on Thursday, November 27, 2025,
the requisite majority and was deemed to                                    being the last date of remote e-voting.

2. Details of Postal Ballot Notice dated January 19, 2026.

Resolution Required : Special                1.    To approve the appointment of Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank (DIN:
                                                   02237496) as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company

Total no. of votes received: 1,93,93,60,284
Total no. of valid votes: 1,93,93,60,284

Details                                                       No. of votes polled                                 % of Votes

No. of votes/shares received in favor for
                                                               1,93,80,84,971                                      99.9342
the resolution (%):
No. of votes/shares received against the
                                                                  12,75,313                                         0.0658
resolution (%):
Invalid                                                                0                                               0

The resolution was approved by the Members with                             have been passed on Saturday, February 28, 2026,
the requisite majority and was deemed to                                    being the last date of remote e-voting.


3. Details of Postal Ballot Notice dated March 18, 2026

 Resolution Required : Special               1.        Variation in the Objects / terms of utilisation of the Initial Public Offering (“IPO”)
                                                       proceeds and modification of time limit for utilisation of the IPO proceeds.

 Total no. of votes received: 2,50,37,64,318
 Total no. of valid votes: 2,50,37,64,318

 Details                                                       No. of votes polled                                 % of Votes

 No. of votes/shares received in favor for
                                                                2,50,30,29,027                                     99.9706
 the resolution (%):
 No. of votes/shares received against the
                                                                    7,35,291                                        0.0294
 resolution (%):
 Invalid                                                                0                                               0




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 83
STATUTORY REPORTS




The resolution was approved by the Members with the            WEBSITE:
requisite majority and was deemed to have been passed
                                                               In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing
on Wednesday, April 22, 2026, being the last date of
                                                               Regulations, the Company’s website provides a
remote e-voting.
                                                               comprehensive reference on its policies, corporate
PROCEDURE FOR POSTAL BALLOT                                    governance, and investor relations. The Members can
                                                               access the details of the Board, Committees, applicable
The aforesaid Postal Ballots were carried out as per the
                                                               policies, financial information, various announcements,
provisions of Sections 108, 110 and other applicable
                                                               statutory filings, shareholding information on the
provisions, if any, of the Act, read with Rules 20 and 22 of
                                                               website of the Company- https://www.olaelectric.com
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,
2014, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations,
                                                               PRESS RELEASES:
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings issued by
                                                               Press releases are sent to BSE and NSE and are also
The Institute of Company Secretaries of India, each as
                                                               uploaded on the Company’s website at https://www.
amended, and in accordance with the requirements
                                                               olaelectric.com
prescribed by the MCA vide General Circulars issued in
this regard from time to time, the Company has provided
                                                               PRESENTATIONS         MADE      TO     INSTITUTIONAL
electronic voting facility to all its members.
                                                               INVESTORS/ANALYSTS:
The Company had engaged the services of National               Presentations on the performance of the Company
Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for providing           are placed on the Company’s website at https://www.
remote e-Voting facilities to the Members, enabling            olaelectric.com for the benefit of the institutional
them to cast their vote electronically and in a secure         investors, analysts and other shareholders immediately
manner. In compliance with the MCA Circulars, the              after communicating to the stock exchanges.
Company sent the Postal Ballot Notice only in electronic
form to those Members whose names appeared in                  ANNUAL RESULTS:
the Register of Members/List of Beneficial Owners              The information regarding the performance of the
as received from the Depositories/the Company’s                Company is shared with the shareholders vide the Annual
Registrars and Transfer Agents (‘MUFG Intime/RTA’) as          Report. The Annual Report for financial year 2025-26 is
on the respective Cut-Off Dates. The Scrutinizer, after        being sent in electronic mode, to all members who have
the completion of scrutiny, submitted their reports to         registered their email ids for the purpose of receiving
the Company Secretary who was authorized to accept,            documents/ communication in electronic mode with
acknowledge and countersign the Scrutinizer’s Report           the Company and/ or Depository Participants. The
as well as declare the voting results. The consolidated        Company also informs by way of intimation to the Stock
results of the remote e-Voting were then announced by          Exchanges and place the same on its website at https://
the Company Secretary and the same are also available          www.olaelectric.com.
on the Company’s website at www.olaelectric.com and
the same were also communicated to BSE Limited (BSE)           E-VOTING:
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE).            Pursuant to the requirements of the Act and Listing
                                                               Regulations, Company provides e-voting facility to its
                                                               shareholders, in respect of all resolutions to be passed
DETAILS OF SPECIAL RESOLUTION PROPOSED TO BE                   at the General Meetings.
CONDUCTED THROUGH POSTAL BALLOT:
                                                               STOCK EXCHANGE:
No Special resolution is proposed to be conducted
                                                               The Company makes timely disclosures of necessary
through postal ballot, as on the date of this Report.
                                                               information to BSE Limited and the National Stock
                                                               Exchange of India Limited in terms of the Listing
                                                               Regulations and other rules and regulations issued by
MEANS OF COMMUNICATION:
                                                               the SEBI.
FINANCIAL RESULTS AND NEWSPAPER PUBLICATION:
                                                               GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION:
The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of
the Company are regularly submitted to the National            Corporate Identification Number
Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and BSE                (CIN): L74999KA2017PLC099619
Limited (“BSE”) and which are also uploaded on the
                                                               Registered Office Address: Wing C, Prestige RMZ
Company’s website at https://www.olaelectric.com and
                                                               Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal
published in leading English and vernacular (Kannada)
                                                               No. 140, Industrial Layout, Koramangala, Bengaluru –
language newspaper, viz., The Financial Express and
                                                               560095, Karnataka, India
Vishwavani, respectively.



84
STATUTORY REPORTS




ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:                                    Dividend Payment date       : N.A
                                                           As required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing
                                                           Regulations and Secretarial Standard 2 on General
Day and Date               : Wednesday, September
                                                           Meetings, details of Directors seeking appointment/re-
                             30, 2026
                                                           appointment at this AGM are given in the Annexure to
Financial Year               pril 1, 2025 till March
                           :A                              the Notice of the forthcoming AGM.
                            31, 2026
Time                       : 04:30 PM (IST)
Venue                        ideo Conferencing and
                           :V
                            Other Audio Visual Means
Deemed Venue                 egistered Office of
                           :R
                            the Company

NAME OF THE STOCK EXCHANGE WHERE COMPANY’S SHARES ARE LISTED AND CONFIRMATION OF
PAYMENT OF LISTING FEES TO STOCK EXCHANGES:
BSE Limited (BSE)                                       National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                              Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, Maharashtra, India.       Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051, Maharashtra, India.

Stock Code: BSE: 544225                                 Stock Code: NSE : OLAELEC

ISIN for equity shares: INE0LXG01040

Listing Fees for the financial year 2025-26 has been paid to both the Stock Exchanges.

The equity shares of the Company have not been suspended from trading on the said stock exchanges by any
regulatory/ statutory authority.

INVESTOR SUPPORT CENTRE:                                   SHARE TRANSFER SYSTEM
Members may utilise the facility extended by the           Pursuant to Regulation 40 of Listing Regulations,
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent for raising queries     requests for transfer of securities shall not be processed
pertaining to dividend, KYC updation, interest/            unless the securities are held in the dematerialised form
redemption, etc. by visiting www.linkintime.co.in          with respective Depositories i.e., National Securities
REGISTRAR TO AN ISSUE AND SHARE                            Depository Limited and Central Depository Services
TRANSFER AGENTS:                                           (India) Limited. However, this restriction shall not
                                                           be applicable to the request received for effecting
MUFG Intime India Private Limited                          transmission or transposition of physical shares.
(Formerly Link Intime India Private Limited)               Shareholders are accordingly advised to avail the facility
                                                           of dematerialisation holding shares in physical form by
Address:- C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli
                                                           getting in touch with any Depository Participant having
(West), Mumbai - 400 083
                                                           registration with SEBI.
Tel :- (+91) 8108116767

Email :- investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26         85
STATUTORY REPORTS




DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDING AS ON MARCH 31, 2026:

Shareholding (Range) ₨       No. of shareholders        %           Share Amount ₨ % of Total Share amount

1 – 5000                              1615714      80.6137             1847479590                  4.1885
5001 – 10000                            168741      8.4191            1309376850                   2.9685
10001 – 20000                          103607       5.1693            1537600000                   3.4860
20001 – 30000                            38944      1.9431              984740510                  2.2326
30001 – 40000                            20069      1.0013              716313790                  1.6240
40001 – 50000                            14562      0.7265              675245490                  1.5309
50001 – 100000                           24644     1.2296              1781780230                  4.0396
100001 and above                         17986      0.8974           35255762390                 79.9300
TOTAL                                 2004267      100.00             4410829885                   100.00

SHAREHOLDING PATTERN OF THE COMPANY AS ON MARCH 31, 2026:

Category                                                       No. of Shares             % of shareholding

Promoter & Promoter Group (Individual)                       1,227,678,444                        27.83%
Promoter group (Bodies Corporate)                              298,193,453                          6.76%
Independent Director                                                     Nil                           Nil
Public                                                       1,367,552,364                           31%
Foreign Company                                               644,166,800                         14.60%
Foreign Nationals                                               17,722,989                         0.40%
Mutual Funds                                                   226,626,691                         5.14%
Insurance Companies                                                643,342                          0.01%
Other Bodies Corporate                                          57,691,729                          1.31%
Body Corporate - Limited Liability Partnership                  17,460,407                         0.40%
Hindu Undivided Family                                          35,840,350                          0.81%
NBFCs registered with RBI                                          132,515                         0.00%
Non Resident Indians                                            24,245,643                         0.55%
Non Resident (Non Repatriable)                                  17,377,780                         0.39%
Clearing Members                                                 7,323,071                          0.17%
FPI (Corporate) – I                                            167,987,317                          3.81%
FPI (Corporate) – II                                             8,224,281                         0.19%
Alternate Investment Funds – II                                          Nil                           Nil
Alternate Investment Funds – III                                82,138,199                         1.86%

Trusts                                                              96,900                         0.00%

Employee Welfare Trust-ESOP                                    209,727,610                         4.75%

Total                                                        4,410,829,885                      100.00%




86
STATUTORY REPORTS




DEMATERIALIZATION OF SHARES AND LIQUIDITY:
The Company has made necessary arrangements with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central
Depository Services India Limited (CDSL) for dematerialization facility. As on March 31, 2026, 100 % of equity shares
representing 4410829885 equity shares of the Company have been dematerialized. Members still holding physical
share certificates are requested to dematerialize their shares by approaching any of the Depository Participants
registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).


THE BREAKUP AS ON MARCH 31, 2026 AS FOLLOWS:
Particulars                                                           No. of Shares                           Percentage of shares

NSDL                                                               3,321,660,364                                           75.31
CDSL                                                               1,089,169,521                                           24.69
Physical                                                                             -                                           -
Total                                                              4,410,829,885                                          100.00


OUTSTANDING CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS/ADRS/                         COMMODITY PRICE RISK OR FOREIGN EXCHANGE
GDRS/ WARRANTS                                                    RISK AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES:
The Company does not have any outstanding ADRs/                   The Company does not have any material exposure to
GDRs/Warrants. Details to the extent of outstanding               foreign exchange; accordingly, there is no significant
employee stock options convertible into equity shares             foreign exchange risk to report.
have been disclosed in the disclosure for ESOPs.
                                                                  CREDIT RATINGS:
                                                                  The Company has not obtained any credit rating during
                                                                  the financial year under review.


PLANT LOCATIONS:
Address of the Manufacturing Plants                                                      Research and Development Center

Ola Futurefactory                         Ola Gigafactory                                Battery Innovation Centre
Address: Plot No. 130-141/B, 1st Main     Address: Plot 101-105, 105/1 in the            Salarpuria Infozone, Velankani Drive,
Road, SIPCOT Industrial Complex,          SIPCOT Industrial Complex, Bargur,             Doddathoguru, Electronic City Phase
Bargur, Parandapalli Village, Pochampalli Parandapalli Village, Pochampalli Taluk,       I, Electronic City, Bengaluru-560100,
Taluk, Krishnagiri District - 635 206,    Krishnagiri District - 635 206, Tamil          Karnataka, India.
Tamil Nadu, India                         Nadu, India.


ADDRESS FOR CORRESPONDENCE:
Registered Office: Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140,
Industrial Layout, Koramangala, Bengaluru – 560095, Karnataka, India


Contact Person: Deepak Rastogi
Designation: Chief Financial Officer
Email id: companysecretary@olaelectric.com
Website: www.olaelectric.com




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26               87
STATUTORY REPORTS




     OTHER DISCLOSURES:                                            The said policy is also hosted on the website of
                                                                   the Company at the following link: https://www.
                                                                   olaelectric.com/investor-relations/disclosures-
A. Disclosures on materially significant related party             under-regulation-46-of-lodr
   transactions that may have potential conflict with
                                                              D. Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries;
   the interests of listed entity at large;
                                                                   The Company adopted a Policy for Determining
     There is no material related party transactions
                                                                   Material Subsidiaries of the Company, pursuant to
     during the year that have conflict with the interest
                                                                   Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
     of the Company. Transactions entered into with
                                                                   This policy is available on the Company’s website
     related parties during the financial year were
                                                                   at https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/
     in the ordinary course of business and at arm’s
                                                                   policies
     length basis and were approved by the Audit
     Committee. The Board’s approved policy for related       E. Policy on dealing with related party transactions
     party transactions is uploaded on the website of
                                                                   The Company adopted a Policy for materiality of
     the Company i.e., https://www.olaelectric.com/
                                                                   Related Party Transactions and dealing with Related
     investor-relations/policies.
                                                                   Party Transactions, pursuant to Regulation 23 of the
B. Details of non-compliance by the listed entity,                 SEBI Listing Regulations. This policy is available on
   penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity              the Company’s website at https://www.olaelectric.
   by stock exchange(s) or the board or any statutory              com/investor-relations/policies
   authority, on any matter related to capital markets,
                                                              F.   Details of utilization of funds raised through
   during the last three years;
                                                                   preferential allotment or qualified institutions
     There were no instances of non-compliance or                  placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A).
     penalties/strictures by the Stock Exchanges/SEBI/
                                                                   During the year under review, the Company did not
     statutory authorities on any matter related to
                                                                   raise any funds through preferential allotment or
     capital markets during the last three years.
                                                                   qualified institutions placement as specified under
C. Details of establishment of vigil mechanism                     Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
   / whistle blower policy, and affirmation that
                                                              G. Certificate of non disqualification of director’
   no personnel has been denied access to the
                                                                 under regulation 34(3) of sebi listing regulations:
   Audit Committee;
                                                                   The Company has obtained a certificate from CS
     In accordance with the provisions of Section 177 (9)
                                                                   Komal S. Shrimankar (ACS No.: 47702, CP No.:
     and (10) of the Act, read with Rule 7 of the Companies
                                                                   27905) Partner of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practicing
     (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014,
                                                                   Company Secretaries is attached to this Report
     and Regulation 22 of SEBI Listing Regulations, the
                                                                   as Annexure-A confirming that none of the
     Company is committed to conducting its business
                                                                   Directors of the Board of the Company have been
     affairs with fairness and transparency, adhering to
                                                                   debarred or disqualified from being appointed or
     the highest standards of integrity, professionalism
                                                                   continuing as directors of companies by the Board/
     and ethical behavior. In line with this commitment,
                                                                   Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other
     the Company has formulated a Whistle Blower
                                                                   statutory authority.
     Policy and has established the necessary vigil
     mechanism This Policy aims to provide a platform         H. Recommendation of committee:
     and mechanism for employees, directors and other
                                                                   All the recommendations received from all the
     stakeholders to report unethical behavior, fraud
                                                                   Committees have been accepted by the Board.
     or violations of the Company’s Code of Conduct,
     ethics and principles without fear of retaliation. It    I.   Fees paid for the services of auditors:
     also ensures direct access to the Chairperson of the
                                                                   BSR & Co. LLP are the statutory auditors of the
     Audit Committee. During the year under review, no
                                                                   Company. Total fees paid by the Company and its
     personnel of the Company were denied access to
                                                                   subsidiaries, to the auditors is given below:
     the Audit Committee.




88
STATUTORY REPORTS



                                                                                                                          (Rs. In Crore)
                                                                           FY25-26       Limited
                                              FY24-25 Audit Fee paid in   Audit Fee    Review /
Entity                                                                                             Reimbursement (₨ Cr)       Total* (₨ Cr)
                                              FY25-26 (₨ Cr)                payable Certification
                                                                              (₨Cr)         (₨ Cr)

Ola Electric Mobility Limited                 0.4100                       0.8600        0.5235                0.1804             1.1139

Ola Electric Technologies Private
                                              1.0225                       1.4000        1.9100                0.3652             3.2977
Limited

Ola Electric Charging Private Limited         0.0725                       0.0725              –               0.0133             0.0858

Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited         0.2450                       0.3175        0.0550                0.0290             0.3290



Note: The Total* above excludes the FY25-26 audit fee payable

J. Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and
   Redressal) Act, 2013:

During the Financial Year 2025-26, details of complaints pertaining to Sexual Harassment are as follows:


Number of complaints filed during the           Number of complaints disposed off during the   Number of complaints pending as at the end
financial year                                  financial year                                                       of the financial year

0                                               0                                                                                        0

K. Loans and advances

Particulars of loans/advances, etc. pursuant to Para A of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015

Loans and advances in nature of loans to Subsidiaries:

Name of the Company                           Balances as on March 31, 2026


                                        Nil


Loans and advances in nature of loans to Associates/Joint Venture:

Name of the Company                           Balances as on March 31, 2026


                                        Nil




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                89
STATUTORY REPORTS




I. Material Subsidiaries:
Name of the Company                                                Balance as on 31 March 2026


                                            Ola Electric
Name                                        Technologies Private     Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited
                                            Limited

Date of incorporation                       January 06, 2021         July 05, 2022

Place of incorporation                      Bengaluru, Karnataka     Bengaluru, Karnataka

Name of the statutory auditor               BSR & Co. LLP            BSR & Co. LLP

Date of appointment of the statutory
                                            November 30, 2022        November 14, 2023
auditor

Compliance of Corporate Governance requirements
Your Company has complied with the requirements of Corporate Governance Report of Paras (2) to (10) mentioned
in Part ‘C’ of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations and disclosed necessary information as specified in Regulation
17 to 27, Regulation 46(2) (b) to (i) and discretionary requirements as specified in Part E of Schedule II of the Listing
Regulations in the respective places in this Report:

 Sr. No. Particulars                   Regulation   Compliance status Key Compliance Observed
                                                     (Yes/ No/ N.A)

     1   Board of Directors               17                Yes        y Composition and Appointment of Directors
                                                                       y Meetings and quorum
                                                                       y Review of compliance reports
                                                                       y Plans for orderly succession
                                                                       y Code of Conduct
                                                                       y Fees/compensation to Non-Executive Directors
                                                                       y Minimum information to be placed before the Board
                                                                       y Compliance Certificate by Chief Executive Officer and
                                                                         Chief Financial Officer
                                                                       y Risk management plan, risk assessment and
                                                                         minimisation procedures
                                                                       y Performance evaluation of Independent Directors
                                                                       y Recommendation of Board for each item of special
                                                                         business
     2   Maximum Number of               17A                Yes        Directorships in listed entities
         Directorships
                                                                       y Composition
                                                                       y Meetings and quorum
     3   Audit Committee                  18                Yes
                                                                       y Chairperson present at Annual General Meeting
                                                                       y Role of the Committee
                                                                       y Composition
         Nomination and                                                y Meetings and quorum
     4                                    19                Yes
         Remuneration Committee                                        y Chairperson present at Annual General Meeting
                                                                       y Role of the Committee
                                                                       y Composition
         Stakeholders Relationship                                     y Meetings and quorum
     5                                    20                Yes
         Committee                                                     y Chairperson present at Annual General Meeting
                                                                       y Role of the Committee
                                                                       y Composition
         Risk Management
     6                                    21                Yes        y Meetings and quorum
         Committee
                                                                       y Role of the Committee



90
STATUTORY REPORTS




                                                 y Vigil Mechanism and Whistle-Blower Policy for
                                                   Directors and employees
  7.        Vigil Mechanism          22    Yes
                                                 y Adequate safeguards against victimisation
                                                 y Direct access to the Chairperson of Audit Committee
                                                 y Policy on Materiality of related party transactions and
                                                   dealing with related party transactions
                                                 y Prior approval including omnibus approval of Audit
  8    Related party transactions    23    Yes
                                                   Committee for related party transactions
                                                 y Periodical review of related party transactions
                                                 y Disclosure on related party transactions
                                                 y Appointment of Company’s Independent Director on
                                                   the Board of unlisted material subsidiaries
                                                 y Review of financial statements and investments of
                                                   unlisted subsidiaries by the Audit Committee
           Subsidiaries of the                   y Minutes of the Board of Directors of the unlisted
  9                                  24    Yes
               Company                             subsidiaries are placed at the meeting of the Board of
                                                   Directors
                                                 y Significant transactions and arrangements of unlisted
                                                 y subsidiaries are placed at the meeting of the Board of
                                                   Directors
                                                 y Secretarial Audit of the Company
                                                 y Secretarial Audit of material unlisted subsidiaries
  10        Secretarial Audit        24A   Yes
                                                   incorporated in India
                                                 y Annual Secretarial Compliance Report
                                                 y Tenure of Independent Directors
                                                 y Meetings of Independent Directors
                                                 y Cessation and appointment of Independent Directors
                                                 y Familiarisation of Independent Directors
       Obligations with respect to
 11.                                 25    Yes   y Declaration from Independent Director that he/she
         Independent Director
                                                   meets the criteria of independence are placed at the
                                                   meeting of Board of Directors
                                                 y Directors and Officers insurance for all the
                                                   Independent Directors
                                                 y Memberships/Chairmanships in Committees
                                                 y Affirmation on compliance with Code of Conduct by
                                                   Directors and Senior Management
        Obligations with respect                 y Disclosure of shareholding by Non-Executive
        to employees including                     Directors
  12      Senior Management,         26    Yes   y Disclosures by Senior Management about potential
        Key Managerial Persons,                    conflicts of interest
        Directors and Promoters                  y No agreement with regard to compensation or profit
                                                   sharing in connection with dealings in securities of the
                                                   Company by Key Managerial Personnel, Director and
                                                   Promoter
                                                 y Compliance with discretionary requirements
           Other Corporate
  13                                 27    Yes   y Filing of quarterly, half-yearly and yearly compliance
       Governance requirements
                                                   report on Corporate Governance




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                  91
STATUTORY REPORTS




                                                                  y Terms and conditions of appointment of Independent
                                                                    Directors
                                                                  y Composition of various Committees of the Board of
                                                                    Directors
                                                                  y Code of Conduct of Board of Directors and Senior
                                                                    Management Personnel
                                                                  y Details of establishment of Vigil Mechanism/Whistle-
     14         Website               46(2)      Yes
                                                                    blower policy
                                                                  y Criteria of making payments to Non-Executive
                                                                    Directors
                                                                  y Policy on dealing with related party transactions
                                                                  y Policy for determining material subsidiaries
                                                                  y Details of familiarisation programmes imparted to
                                                                    Independent Directors


COMPLIANCE WITH DISCRETIONARY REQUIREMENTS:                   RISK MANAGEMENT: The Company has in place risk
                                                              management committee in accordance with Regulation
All mandatory requirements of the SEBI Listing                21 of the Listing Regulations.
Regulations have been complied with by the Company.
The status of compliance with the discretionary               MEETINGS OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS: During the
requirements, as stated under Part E of Schedule II to        year under review, only one meeting of the Independent
the SEBI Listing Regulations are as under:                    Directors was held on March 31, 2026.

THE BOARD: The Company has an Executive Chairman.             DECLARATION ON COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE
                                                              OF CONDUCT: A declaration from the Chairman and
ONE-WOMAN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR: Ms. Shradha                   Managing Director has been obtained stating that the
Sharma, is a Woman Independent Director appointed             members of Board and senior management personnel
on the Board of the Company.                                  have affirmed compliance with the code of conduct of
                                                              Board and senior management. The said declaration is
MAINTENANCE OF THE CHAIRMAN'S OFFICE: The
                                                              attached as Annexure-B.
Company has an Executive Chairman, and the office
provided to him for the discharge of his executive            COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE ON THE CORPORATE
responsibilities is also utilized by him in his capacity as   GOVERNANCE: A compliance certificate from the
Chairman of the Board.                                        practicing company secretaries, M/s. BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                              has been obtained regarding compliance of conditions
SEPARATE POSTS OF CHAIRPERSON AND THE
                                                              of corporate governance. The said certificate has been
MANAGING DIRECTOR OR THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
                                                              attached as Annexure-C.
OFFICER: Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal is the Chairman & the
Managing Director of the Company.                             DISCLOSURES WITH RESPECT TO DEMAT SUSPENSE
                                                              ACCOUNT / UNCLAIMED SUSPENSE ACCOUNT: The
REPORTING OF INTERNAL AUDITOR: The Internal
                                                              Company does not have any demat suspense account /
Auditor has direct access to the Audit Committee
                                                              unclaimed suspense account.
and he /she participates in the meetings of the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company.           DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN TYPES OF AGREEMENTS
                                                              BINDING LISTED ENTITIES: There are no agreements
MODIFIED OPINION(S) IN AUDIT REPORT: The Auditors’
                                                              that are binding on the Company.
Report for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, is
unmodified i.e. it does not contain any qualification,        COMMUNICATION TO INVESTORS:
reservation or adverse remark or disclaimer.
                                                              ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES IN DEMATERIALISED FORM
SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS: The annual financial statements           IN CASE OF INVESTOR SERVICE REQUESTS:
of the Company are circulated to the shareholders as          Pursuant to SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
part of the Annual Report and are also available on the       MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022
Company's website. The quarterly financial results, in the    has introduced common and simplified norms for
prescribed format, are published in one English national      processing investors’ service request by RTAs and
daily and one regional language newspaper, and are also       norms for furnishing PAN, KYC details and Nomination
hosted on the Company's corporate website.                    and has mandated that the listed Companies shall
                                                              henceforth issue the securities in dematerialized form
                                                              only, while processing the following service requests:


92
STATUTORY REPORTS




y Issue of Duplicate securities certificate;                      III. Securities holder(s) can change their nominee
                                                                  through Form SH-14
y Claim from Unclaimed Suspense account;
y Renewal/Exchange of securities certificate;                     Nomination facility for shares held in electronic form is
                                                                  also available with depository participant.
y Endorsement;
y Sub-division/Splitting of securities certificate;               The said forms are available on the website of the
                                                                  Company at https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-
y Consolidation of securities certificates/folios;                relations/.
y Transmission;                                                   SIMPLIFICATION OF PROCEDURE OF TRANSMISSION
y Transposition                                                   OF SECURITIES:

For enabling the shareholders to demat their securities,          SEBI has notified vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent shall issue                MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/65 dated 18 May 2022,
a ‘Letter of Confirmation’ in lieu of physical share              (now rescinded due to issuance of Master Circular dated
certificates to physical shareholders for enabling them           17 May 2023) has enhanced the monetary limits for
to dematerialise the securities.                                  simplified documentation for transmission of securities,
                                                                  allowed ‘Legal Heirship Certificate or equivalent
Further, SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-              certificate’ as one of the acceptable documents for
PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 dated 16 March 2023 (now                      transmission and provided clarification regarding
rescinded due to issuance of Master Circular dated 17             acceptability of Will as one of the valid documents for
May 2023) has, inter alia, mandated that any service              transmission of securities.
request shall be entertained only upon registration of
PAN, KYC details and nomination. All holders of physical          The said circular also specified the formats of various
securities of the Company are mandatorily required to             documents which are required to be furnished for
furnish the following documents/details to the RTA i.e.,          the processing of transmission of securities. The
MUGF Link Intime India Private Limited (RTA)                      circular also lays down operational guidelines for
                                                                  processing investors’ service request for the purpose
Form             Purpose                                          of transmission of securities. The procedure provided in
Form -ISR-1      For registering PAN, KYC details or changes/     this circular is duly followed by our registrar and share
                 updation                                         transfer agent while processing of transmission service
Form -ISR-2      Confirmation of Signature of securities holder
                                                                  request.
                 by the Banker                                    SIMPLIFICATION OF PROCEDURE FOR ISSUANCE OF
Form- ISR-3      Opting out of Nomination by physical             DUPLICATE SHARE CERTIFICATES: SEBI vide its circular
                 securities holders                               SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/70 dated
Form- ISR-13     Nomination form                                  25 May 2022 (now rescinded due to issuance of Master
Form- ISR-14     Cancellation or Variation of Nomination          Circular dated 17 May 2023) has standardized the
                                                                  documents to be submitted for processing of service
NOMINATION                                                        request for issue of duplicate share certificate and also
                                                                  laid down operational guidelines for the same.
Individual shareholders holding shares singly or jointly in
physical form can nominate a person in whose name the             Further, the said circular also mandates listed
shares shall be transferable in the case of death of the          company to take special contingency policy from
registered shareholder(s) to avoid the lengthy process            insurance company towards the risk arising out of the
of Transmission of shares.                                        requirements relating to issuance of duplicate securities
                                                                  in order to safeguard and protect the interest of the
Details of nomination shall be furnished through hard
                                                                  listed company. The Company is in compliance with said
copy or electronic mode with e-signatures as follows
                                                                  circular.
I.     Either,
                                                                  INVESTOR GRIEVANCES REDRESSAL THROUGH
      y Nomination through Form SH-13 as provided in              THE SEBI COMPLAINTS REDRESS SYSTEM (SCORES)
          the Rules 19(1) of Companies (Shares capital and        PLATFORM:
          debenture) Rules, 2014 or
                                                                  SEBI    vide   its    circular   SEBI/HO/OIAE/IGRD/
      y Declaration to Opt-out’, as per Form ISR-3                CIR/P/2023/156 dated 20 September 2023 stated that a
                                                                  complaint lodged in SCORES platform will automatically
II.   In case of cancellation of nomination by the
                                                                  forwarded to the concerned entity with a copy to
      holder(s) through Form SH-14, ‘Declaration to Opt-
                                                                  designated body.
      out’ shall be provided by the shareholder(s)


                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           93
STATUTORY REPORTS




Entity will upload Action Taken Report (ATR) on SCORES      can login via OTP and execute activities like, raising
within 21 days from the receipt of the Complaint. Failure   Service Request, Query, Complaints, check for status,
which, the designated body will take cognizance of the      KYC details, Dividend, Interest, Redemptions, e-Meeting
complaint for first review of the resolution through        and e-Voting details. Quick link to access the signup
SCORES and ask Company to submit ATR to the                 page: www.linkintime.co.in
designated body. The complainant may seek a second
review by SEBI of the Complaint within 15 calendar          CERTIFICATIONS OBTAINED             FROM      PRACTISING
days from the date of the submission of the ATR by the      COMPANY SECRETARY:
Designated Body.
                                                            The Company has inter-alia obtained following
SEBI vide its press release PR No.06/2024 dated 01 April    certifications from the Practising Company Secretary
2024, launched the new version of the SEBI Complaint        for share-related matters, as per details given below:
Redress System (SCORES 2.0). The new version of
                                                            Regulation                             Frequency
SCORES strengthens the investor complaint redress
mechanism in the securities market by making the            Reconciliation of Share Capital under   Quarterly
process more efficient through auto-routing, auto-          Regulation 76 of SEBI (Depositories and
escalation, monitoring by the ‘Designated Bodies’ and       Participants) Regulations, 2018
reduction of timelines.
                                                            For and on behalf of the Board
Investors can lodge complaints only through new             Sd/- 								
version of SCORES i.e. https://scores.sebi.gov.in from 01
April 2024. In the old SCORES i.e. https://scores.gov.in    Bhavish Aggarwal 						
investors would not be able to lodge any new complaint.     Chairman and Managing Director 				
However, investors can check the status of their
complaints already lodged in old SCORES and pending         DIN: 03287473
in the old SCORES. Further, the disposed of complaints      Date: September 5, 2026
filed in the old SCORES can be viewed at SCORES 2.0.
                                                            Place: Bengaluru
ONLINE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES (ODR):
SEBI has introduced a common Online Dispute Resolution
Portal (‘ODRP’) which harnesses online conciliation and
online arbitration.

In case a member is not satisfied with the resolution
provided by the company/RTA, then the online dispute
resolution process can be initiated through the ODR
portal.

SEBI vide its circular SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/
CIR/2023/131 dated 31 May 2023, mandated the
listed entity to enroll on the ODR portal and advised
to display a link to the ODR Portal on the home page
of the website. Accordingly, the company has created
its profile in SMART ODR portal and uploaded the
circular on company’s website for the information of the
shareholders. The said profile and circular can be access
using the link https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-
relations/.

Further, SEBI vide its Circular SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-
PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/72 dated 08 June 2023, advised
RTA to create an online mechanism where investors can
Register, Login via OTP and raise complaints or service
requests. Hence, members are hereby notified that our
RTA launched an online application that can be accessed
at www.linkintime.co.in

Members are requested to register/signup, using the
Name, PAN, Mobile and email ID. Post registration, user


94
STATUTORY REPORTS




Annexure A
                              CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

 (Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
                                       Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To
The Members of
Ola Electric Mobility Limited
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech,
Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67,
Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore,
Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 560095

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of OLA
ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED CIN L74999KA2017PLC099619 and having registered office at Wing C, Prestige RMZ
Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore South, Karnataka,
India, 560095 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of
issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by
the Company & its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated
below for the Financial Year ending on 31st March 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or
continuing as Directors of Companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs,
or any such other Statutory Authority


Sr.
    Name of the Director                      DIN            Designation
No.
1    Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal                     03287473       Chairman and Managing Director
2    Mr. Arun Sarin                           01384344       Non-Executive Director
3    Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti     01338477       Non-Executive Director
4    Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                    00162071       Independent Director
5.   Ms. Shradha Sharma                       03557496       Independent Director
6.   Mr. Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank    02237496       Independent Director

Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment/continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

                                                                                                    For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                                 Company Secretaries

Place: Bangalore                                                                             CS Komal S. Shrimankar
Date: 5, September 2026                                                                                      Partner
UDIN No.: A047702H001383201                                                                           ACS No: 47702,
                                                                                                        CP No: 27905
                                                                                                  PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                               Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200


                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            95
STATUTORY REPORTS




Annexure B
To
The Members of
Ola Electric Mobility Limited
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech,
Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67,
Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore,
Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 560095



Subject: Declaration confirming compliance with the Code of Conduct applicable to the members of the board
of directors and senior management personnel of the Company in accordance with the provision of Part D of
Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

I, Bhavish Aggarwal Chairman and Managing Director of the Company, hereby declare that the members of the
board of directors and senior management personnel of the Company have affirmed the compliance with the
code of conduct for directors and senior management of the Company for the financial year 2025-26.



For Ola Electric Mobility Limited

Sd/- 								

Bhavish Aggarwal 						

Chairman and Managing Director 				

DIN: 03287473




96
STATUTORY REPORTS




Annexure C
      AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
             [Schedule V, para-E of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]



To
The Members of
Ola Electric Mobility Limited
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech,
Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67,
Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore,
Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 560095



We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance of Ola Electric Mobility Limited (“the
Company”) having CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619, for the purpose of certifying of the Corporate Governance
under Regulation 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 from the period April 01, 2025, to March 31,
2026. We have obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were
necessary for the purposes of certification.

The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination
was limited to the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company, for ensuring the compliance
of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial
statements of the Company.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the
Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses
(b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and paragraphs C and D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as applicable.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the
efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.


                                                                                                      For BMP & Co. LLP,
                                                                                                   Company Secretaries

Place: Bangalore
Date: 5, September 2026
                                                                                              CS Komal S. Shrimankar
UDIN No.: A047702H001383201
                                                                                                              Partner
                                                                                                       ACS No: 47702,
                                                                                                         CP No: 27905
                                                                                                   PR NO.: 6562/2025
                                                                                Firm Registration No: L2017KR003200




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           97
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY &
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
For Financial Year 2025-26




98
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY &
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2025-26
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity

 1     Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of      L74999KA2017PLC099619
       the Company

 2     Name of the Company                     Ola Electric Mobility Limited

 3     Year of Incorporation                   2017

 4     Registered office address               Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No. 67,
                                               Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore, Bangalore South,
                                               Karnataka, 560095

 5     Corporate office address                Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No. 67,
                                               Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore, Bangalore South,
                                               Karnataka, 560095

 6     E-mail id                               companysecretary@olaelectric.com

 7     Telephone                               +91 80 3544 0050

 8     Website                                 www.olaelectric.com

 9     Financial year for which reporting is   FY 2025-2026
       being done

 10 Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where        National Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange
       shares are listed

 11 Paid-up capital                            INR 4410,82,98,850

 12 Name and contact details of the            Deepak Rastogi
       person who may be contacted in case     companysecretary@olaelectric.com
       of any queries on the BRSR report       080-35440050

 13 Reporting Boundary                         Consolidated basis

 14 Name of assurance provider                 None

 15 Type of assurance obtained                 None




II.   Products/services

16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):




S. No        Description of main activity             Description of business activity                 % Of turnover

                                                      Manufacture of motor vehicles,
1            Manufacturing                                                                   100%
                                                      trailers and semitrailers




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            99
17. Products/services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover):


       S.No       Product/Service                                  NIC Code        % Of total turnover contributed
       1          Manufacturing of Electric Scooters                  29109                                      100


III. Operations

18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated

       Location                                 Number of plants       Number of offices                       Total
       National                                               2                        2                           4

       International*                                         0                        3                           3

      *Note: OEM’s national operational infrastructure is composed of two (2) primary corporate and R&D facility,
      namely – the OLA Campus and the BIC R&D Lab and two (2) factories .

      **Note: OEM’s international offices (3) are for R&D and sales & technology development. We do not serve any
      international markets.

19. Markets served by the entity

      Number of locations

       Locations                                                                                            Number
       National (No. of states)                                                                                   30

       International (No. of countries)                                                                             0




      b.What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

      0%

      c.A brief on types of customers

      Ola Electric serves a broad customer base through its electric mobility and energy solutions portfolio. Its
      electric two-wheelers cater to individual customers (B2C) seeking technology-led, sustainable, and cost-
      efficient urban mobility, with recent offerings such as the S1 Pro+ powered by the indigenously developed
      4680 Bharat Cell aimed at improving range, performance, safety, and battery reliability. The company also
      addresses business and fleet customers (B2B), including last-mile delivery operators, ride-sharing providers,
      corporate fleets, startups, and enterprises requiring mobility or battery-based applications. Beyond vehicles,
      Ola Electric has expanded into energy storage through the Ola Shakti portfolio, offering battery energy
      storage solutions for households, small businesses, commercial facilities, farms, and utility-scale users. These
      solutions are positioned to support power backup, renewable energy integration, energy monitoring, and
      lower dependence on conventional power backup systems.




100
IV.   Employees

20.   Details at the end of Financial Year:

      a.Employees and workers (Including differently abled)


                                                                         Male                           Female
       S. No. Particulars                       Total (A)
                                                                    No. (B)          % (B/A)         No. (C)     % (C/A)

                                                        EMPLOYEES
       1       Permanent (D)                        5607              3744               67%           1863         33%

       2       Other than Permanent (E)                 0                 0               0%               0         0%

       3       Total employees (D+E)                5607              3744               67%           1863         33%

                                                            WORKERS
       4       Permanent (F)                         532               237               45%            295         55%

       5       Other than Permanent (G)                 0                 0               0%               0         0%

       6       Total workers (F+G)                   532               237               45%            295         55%

      b.Differently abled employees and workers

                                                                        Male                            Female
       S. No. Particulars                        Total (A
                                                                    No. (B)          % (B/A)         No. (C)     % (C/A)
                                              DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES
       1       Permanent (D)                           1                 1             100%               0          0%

       2       Other than Permanent (E)                0                 0               0%               0          0%

               Total differently abled
       3                                               1                 1             100%               0          0%
               employees (D+E)

                                              DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS
       4       Permanent (F)                           0                 0               0%               0          0%

       5       Other than Permanent (G)                0                 0               0%               0          0%

               Total differently abled
       6                                               0                 0               0%               0          0%
               employees (F+G)

21.   Participation/inclusion/representation of women

                                                                              No. and percentage of females
                                                    Total (A)
                                                                                     No. (B)                     % (B/A)
       Board of Directors                                     6 1                              17%

       Key Management
                                                              3 0                              0%
       Personnel




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             101
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers

                                                FY 2025-26*                                      FY 2024-25                                        FY 2023-24
                                         Male        Female              Total           Male        Female              Total           Male        Female            Total
        Permanent
                                          63%             53%             60%             62%             35%             54%             60%              31%         50%
        Employees
        Permanent
                                          80%            106%            105%               0%            29%             29%               0%            25%           25%
        Workers

      *The higher percentage reported for FY 2025-26 are primarily attributable to increase attrition among permanent workers which will be refilled or reappointed.



V.    Holding, subsidiary and associate companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures:


                                                                                                                         % Of             Does the entity indicated
                         Name of Holding/                               Indicate whether
                                                                                                                       shares            in column A, participate in
                         Subsidiary/Associate                           Holding/ Subsidiary/
        S. No.                                                                                                        held by           the Business Responsibility
                         Companies/Joint Venture                        Associate/Joint
                                                                                                                        listed               initiatives of the listed
                         (A)                                            Venture
                                                                                                                        entity                      entity? (Yes/No)
                         Ola Electric Technologies
        1                                                               Wholly owned Sub-sidiary                          100%                                          Yes
                         Private Limited
                         Ola Electric Charging Private
        2                                                               Wholly owned sub-sidiary                          100%                                          Yes
                         Limited
                         Ola Cell Technologies Private
        3                                                               Wholly owned sub-sidiary                          100%                                          Yes
                         Limited
                         Ola Electric Mobility Inc.
        4                                                               Wholly owned sub-sidiary                          100%                                           No
                         (USA)
                         Ola Electric Mobility B.V.
        5                                                               Wholly owned sub-sidiary                          100%                                           No
                         (Netherlands)
                                                                        Step down wholly owned
        6                Etergo B.V. (Netherlands)                                                                        100%                                           No
                                                                        subsidiary
                         Etergo Operations B.V.                         Step down wholly owned
        7                                                                                                                 100%                                           No
                         (Netherlands)                                  subsidiary
                         EIA Trading (Shanghai) Co.                     Step down wholly owned
        8                                                                                                                 100%                                           No
                         Ltd. (China)                                   subsidiary
                         Ola Electric UK Private                        Step down wholly owned
        9                                                                                                                 100%                                           No
                         Limited                                        subsidiary
                                                                        Step down wholly owned
        10               Ola Electric Technologies B.V                                                                    100%                                           No
                                                                        subsidiary



VI. CSR Details
24. i.       Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes
       ii.   (ii). Turnover (in INR) 2,460 crores
       iii. (iii). Net worth (in INR) 3,351 crores




102
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances

25. Complaints/grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible
    Business Conduct (NGRBC)




                                                                         FY 2025-26                                                      FY 2024-25
     Stakeholder               Grievance
     group from                Redressal
                                                                           Number of                                                       Number of
     whom                                             Number of            complaints                                Number of             complaints
                               Mechanism
     complaint is                                     complaints              pending                                complaints               pending
                               in Place                                                          Remarks                                                Remarks
     received                                        filed during           resolution                              filed during            resolution
                               (Yes/No)
                                                         the year           at close of                                 the year            at close of
                                                                              the year                                                        the year
     Communities               Yes                                   0                     0            -                            0                     0 -

     Investors
     (other than               Yes                                   0                     0            -                         NA                    NA -
     shareholders)

     Shareholders              Yes                                   3                     0            -                            0                     0 -

                                                                                                                                                             Pending
     Employees and                                                                                                                                           concerns
                               Yes                                  12                     0                                       50                      2
     workers                                                                                                                                                 resolved
                                                                                                                                                             in 25-26

                                                                                           Pending
                                                                                           concerns
     Customers*                Yes                            13400                   550*                                   11884                     486
                                                                                           resolved in
                                                                                           26-27
     Value Chain
                               Yes                                   0                     0            -
     Partners

     Other (please
                               NA                                  NA                    NA             -                         NA                    NA            -
     specify)

    * The reported complaints comprise grievances received through varoius identifiable customer touchpoints and channels, including the Company's designated customer support
    and service channels




26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues
    Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental
    and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same,
    approach to adapt or mitigate the risk, as per the following format:




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                               103
                                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                                     implications
                          Indicate
                                                                                                                     of the risk or
                          whether
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /   In case of risk, approach to          opportunity
S. No.                    risk or
         identified                     opportunity                            adapt or mitigate.                    (Indicate
                          opportunity
                                                                                                                     positive or
                          (R/O)
                                                                                                                     negative
                                                                                                                     implications)
1        Responsible      Risk          As a vertically integrated EV          1. Supplier Due Diligence and
         Supply Chain                   manufacturer with ambitious                Audits: Beyond initial checks,
                                        production targets, our supply             OEM needs to implement
                                        chain is extensive and complex.            regular, risk-based audits
                                        It involves sourcing a wide array          (third-party and internal) of
                                        of components, from high-value             direct and critical indirect
                                        battery cells (which often contain         suppliers, focusing on
                                        minerals, like cobalt and lithium,         environmental performance,
                                        with environmental and social risks)       labour practices (e.g., working
                                        to semiconductors, plastics, metals,       hours, wages, freedom of
                                        and electronic components.                 association), and human
                                                                                   rights.
                                        1. Resource Scarcity & Geopolitical
                                           Risk: Dependence on specific        2. Supplier Code of Conduct
                                           regions for critical minerals can       and Capacity Building: OEM
                                           lead to supply disruptions and          might consider circulating
                                           price volatility.                       a clear Supplier Code of
                                                                                   Conduct that goes beyond
                                        2. H
                                            uman Rights & Labor Practices:        legal compliance to include
                                           Risks of child labour, forced           specific expectations on
                                           labour, and unsafe working              emissions, water usage, waste
                                           conditions, particularly in raw         management, fair wages, non-
                                           material extraction and lower           discrimination, and grievance
                                           tiers of the supply chain.              mechanisms. OEM might also
                                                                                   consider offering training
                                        3. E
                                            nvironmental Impact:
                                                                                   and support to suppliers,
                                           High carbon footprint
                                                                                   especially MSMEs, to help
                                           from manufacturing and
                                                                                   them meet these standards.
                                           transportation of components,
                                           water usage in processing, and      3. Supply Chain Diversification
                                           hazardous waste generation.            and Localization: OEM might
                                                                                  need to diversify sourcing
                                        4. Brand Reputation: Any lapse in
                                                                                  regions and suppliers in a
                                           responsible sourcing can severely
                                                                                  calculated manner to reduce
                                           damage our progressive, tech-
                                                                                  geopolitical and concentration
                                           driven brand image.
                                                                                  risks. OEM might also need to
                                                                                  actively promote localization
                                                                                  of component manufacturing
                                                                                  within India to shorten
                                                                                  supply lines, reduce transit
                                                                                  emissions, and foster local
                                                                                  economic development. This
                                                                                  would contribute to economic
                                                                                  flexibility and indirect
                                                                                  emissions reduction.




104
                                                                                                                         Financial
                                                                                                                         implications
                          Indicate                                                                                       of the risk or
                          whether                                                                                        opportunity
                          risk or                                                                                        (Indicate
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /     In case of risk, approach to
S. No.                    opportunity                                                                                    positive or
         identified                     opportunity                              adapt or mitigate.
                          (R/O)                                                                                          negative
                                                                                                                         implications)
                                                                                 4. T
                                                                                     raceability and
                                                                                    Transparency: OEM
                                                                                    understands the need to
                                                                                    develop a robust system
                                                                                    (e.g., blockchain-enabled) to
                                                                                    track the origin of key raw
                                                                                    materials, especially those
                                                                                    with high ESG risks (e.g.,
                                                                                    cobalt, lithium, nickel). OEM
                                                                                    is also considering to publicly
                                                                                    disclose sourcing policies and
                                                                                    efforts

                                                                                 5. Circular Economy Integration:
                                                                                     OEM understands the need
                                                                                     to collaborate with suppliers
                                                                                     on designing components for
                                                                                     recyclability and exploring
                                                                                     the use of recycled content in
                                                                                     new parts. OEM is considering
                                                                                     engaging in R&D to find
                                                                                     sustainable alternatives for
                                                                                     high-impact materials.


2.       Climate          Risk and      As a company whose core business         1. Achieving Net-Zero
         Change           opportunit    is to accelerate the transition to          Manufacturing Operations:
                                        electric mobility, climate change is        OEM is considering investing
                                        both a significant opportunity and a        heavily in renewable energy
                                        responsibility of OEM.                      procurement (e.g., rooftop
                                                                                    solar at FutureFactory, power
                                        1. Operational Emissions:                  purchase agreements for off-
                                            Manufacturing facilities, R&D           site renewable energy). OEM is
                                            centres, and logistics contribute       also considering implementing
                                            to Scope 1 and 2 emissions.             energy efficiency measures
                                                                                    across all facilities (e.g., smart
                                        2. Value Chain Emissions (Scope
                                                                                    lighting, optimized HVAC,
                                           3): This is the largest impact area
                                                                                    energy-efficient machinery).
                                           for OEM, including emissions
                                           from raw material extraction,         2. Decarbonizing the Value
                                           component manufacturing,                  Chain (Scope 3 Focus): OEM
                                           transportation, and end-of-life           understands the importance
                                           vehicle disposal.                         of collaboration with suppliers
                                                                                     to set emissions reduction
                                        3. P
                                            roduct Use Emissions: While
                                                                                     targets and track their
                                           EVs have zero-tailpipe emission,
                                                                                     carbon footprint. Hence, OEM
                                           the source of electricity used for
                                                                                     prioritizes suppliers using
                                           charging significantly impacts
                                                                                     renewable energy or with
                                           their overall carbon footprint.
                                                                                     strong decarbonization plans.
                                                                                     OEM also intends to optimize
                                                                                     logistics for reduced fuel
                                                                                     consumption.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     105
                                                                                                                      Financial
                                                                                                                      implications
                          Indicate                                                                                    of the risk or
                          whether                                                                                     opportunity
                          risk or                                                                                     (Indicate
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /   In case of risk, approach to
S. No.                    opportunity                                                                                 positive or
         identified                     opportunity                            adapt or mitigate.
                          (R/O)                                                                                       negative
                                                                                                                      implications)
                                                                               3. Promoting Green Charging
                                                                                   Infrastructure: OEM actively
                                                                                   partners with charging
                                                                                   infrastructure providers that
                                                                                   source renewable energy.

                                                                               4. Product Design for Carbon
                                                                                  Footprint Reduction: OEM
                                                                                  shall focus on lightweighting
                                                                                  vehicles, optimizing battery
                                                                                  efficiency, and designing for
                                                                                  modularity and reparability
                                                                                  to extend product life and
                                                                                  reduce material consumption.

                                                                               5. Climate Risk Assessment and
                                                                                   Adaptation: OEM shall assess
                                                                                   physical climate risks (e.g.,
                                                                                   extreme weather impacting
                                                                                   facilities or supply chain) and
                                                                                   transition risks (e.g., carbon
                                                                                   pricing, stricter regulations)
                                                                                   and develop adaptation
                                                                                   strategies.


3.       Waste            Risk          EV manufacturing is resource-          1. All-inclusive Waste
         Management                     intensive and generates various           Segregation and Recycling
                                        waste streams. Batteries pose             Programs: OEM shall
                                        unique challenges at their end-            implement stringent waste
                                        of-life due to hazardous materials         segregation at source across
                                        and potential for valuable resource        all manufacturing units and
                                        recovery.                                  offices (e.g., plastics, metals,
                                                                                   e-waste, hazardous waste).
                                        1.Waste Generation: Scrap                 OEM has partnered with
                                           metal, plastics, electronic waste       authorized and certified
                                           (e-waste), battery waste, and           recyclers for proper disposal.
                                           packaging waste from the
                                           GigaFactory & the FutureFactory.    2. Robust Battery Recycling and
                                                                                  Second-Life Strategy: OEM
                                        2. Battery End-of-Life: Management       shall develop or partner for a
                                           of spent lithium-ion batteries,        robust battery take-back and
                                           which contain hazardous                recycling program aligned
                                           materials but also valuable            with India's Battery Waste
                                           minerals (lithium, cobalt,             Management Rules. OEM
                                           nickel, manganese) that can be         shall also explore second-life
                                           recovered.                             applications for EV batteries
                                                                                  (e.g., stationary energy
                                                                                  storage) before full recycling,
                                                                                  extending their economic and
                                                                                  environmental value.




106
                                                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                                                       implications
                          Indicate                                                                                     of the risk or
                          whether                                                                                      opportunity
                          risk or                                                                                      (Indicate
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /     In case of risk, approach to
S. No.                    opportunity                                                                                  positive or
         identified                     opportunity                              adapt or mitigate.
                          (R/O)                                                                                        negative
                                                                                                                       implications)
                                        3. Adherence to regulatory             3. Waste Reduction and
                                            mandates: For producers to take         Resource Efficiency in Design:
                                            responsibility for the end-of-life      OEM shall integrate "design
                                            management of their products,           for recycling" and "design
                                            especially batteries and e-waste.       for disassembly" principles
                                                                                    into product development.
                                        4. Environmental Impact: Improper          OEM shall also optimize
                                            disposal can lead to soil and water     material usage to minimize
                                            contamination, and unregulated          manufacturing scrap. OEM
                                            greenhouse gas emissions.               shall explore using recycled
                                                                                    content in new vehicle
                                                                                    components where feasible.

                                                                                 4. Hazardous Waste
                                                                                     Management with Zero
                                                                                     Liquid Discharge (ZLD): OEM
                                                                                     might need to implement
                                                                                     safe handling, storage, and
                                                                                     disposal procedures for all
                                                                                     hazardous waste. OEM has
                                                                                     implemented ZLD systems in
                                                                                     manufacturing processes to
                                                                                     minimize water discharge and
                                                                                     contamination. Additionally,
                                                                                     OEM shall ensure compliance
                                                                                     with environmental
                                                                                     regulations and responsible
                                                                                     waste management statutory
                                                                                     norms.

                                                                                 5. E
                                                                                     xtended Producer
                                                                                    Responsibility (EPR)
                                                                                    Compliance: OEM shall meet
                                                                                    and exceed EPR obligations
                                                                                    for batteries, and e-waste,
                                                                                    including financial and
                                                                                    operational responsibilities for
                                                                                    collection and recycling.
4.       Technology &     Risk          At its core, OEM is a technology         1. Investment in R&D and
         Innovation                     company. Continuous innovation               Core Technologies: OEM
                                        is the lifeblood of its competitive          shall allocate considerable
                                        advantage in the rapidly evolving            capital and human resources
                                        EV landscape.                                to in-house R&D, focusing
                                                                                     on next-generation battery
                                        1. P
                                            erformance & Range:                     technology (e.g., solid-state,
                                           Customers demand higher                   LFP advancements), motor
                                           performance, longer range, and            efficiency, power electronics,
                                           faster charging, which are driven         and advanced software/AI for
                                           by battery technology, motor              vehicle intelligence.
                                           efficiency, and software.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   107
                                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                                     implications
                          Indicate                                                                                   of the risk or
                          whether                                                                                    opportunity
                          risk or                                                                                    (Indicate
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /   In case of risk, approach to
S. No.                    opportunity                                                                                positive or
         identified                     opportunity                            adapt or mitigate.
                          (R/O)                                                                                      negative
                                                                                                                     implications)
                                        2. C
                                            ost Reduction: Innovation         2. Strategic Partnerships and
                                           in manufacturing processes,             Collaborations: OEM shall
                                           battery chemistry, and materials        forge partnerships with
                                           is critical to bring down the total     leading research institutions,
                                           cost of ownership for EVs, making       universities, and specialized
                                           them accessible to a broader            technology companies (e.g.,
                                           market.                                 for AI, charging solutions) to
                                                                                   accelerate innovation and
                                        3. S
                                            afety & Reliability: Advanced         access specialized expertise.
                                           technology is essential for
                                           enhancing vehicle safety,           3. Fostering an Innovation
                                           reliability, and cybersecurity.         Culture: OEM has created
                                                                                   an internal culture that
                                        4. N
                                            ew Services & Features:               encourages experimentation,
                                           Connected vehicle technology            risk-taking, and continuous
                                           enables new services like               learning.
                                           predictive maintenance,
                                           telematics-based insurance, and     4. Intellectual Property (IP)
                                           over-the-air updates.                   Management and Protection:
                                                                                   OEM shall develop an IP
                                        5. M
                                            arket Leadership: Staying             strategy to patent key
                                           ahead of competitors requires           innovations and protect
                                           consistent R&D and integration of       proprietary technology.
                                           cutting-edge solutions.                 This includes trade secrets,
                                                                                   trademarks, and design
                                                                                   registrations.

                                                                               5. P
                                                                                   roduct Development and
                                                                                  Iteration: OEM shall adopt
                                                                                  agile methodologies for
                                                                                  software and hardware
                                                                                  development, allowing for
                                                                                  rapid prototyping, testing,
                                                                                  and iteration based on market
                                                                                  feedback and technological
                                                                                  advancements. OEM shall also
                                                                                  utilize OTA updates to deploy
                                                                                  continuous improvements.

5.       Cybersecurity    Opportunity   As a tech-first company integrating    1. Comprehensive Data
         and data                       connectivity into its vehicles             Privacy Framework: OEM
         privacy                        (e.g., IoT, GPS, telematics) and           has developed and enacted
                                        operating digital platforms for            a robust Data Privacy
                                        sales and service, data privacy and        Policy aligned with global
                                        cybersecurity are critical.                best practices and Indian
                                                                                   regulations. OEM shall
                                        1. S
                                            ensitive Customer Data:               implement principles of data
                                           Collection of personal                  minimization (collect only
                                           information, driving patterns,          what is necessary), purpose
                                           location data, and payment              limitation, storage limitation,
                                           details.                                and accuracy, and ensure
                                                                                   consent mechanisms for data
                                                                                   collection.


108
                                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                                        implications
                          Indicate                                                                                      of the risk or
                          whether                                                                                       opportunity
                          risk or                                                                                       (Indicate
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /     In case of risk, approach to
S. No.                    opportunity                                                                                   positive or
         identified                     opportunity                              adapt or mitigate.
                          (R/O)                                                                                         negative
                                                                                                                        implications)
                                        2. V
                                            ehicle System Vulnerabilities:      2. Advanced Cybersecurity
                                           Risk of remote hacking,                   Architecture for Vehicles
                                           compromising vehicle control,             and IT Systems: OEM
                                           or data exfiltration, leading to          shall implement multi-
                                           safety hazards and reputational           layered security measures
                                           damage.                                   for vehicle software
                                                                                     (firmware, infotainment),
                                        3. R
                                            egulatory Compliance: Strict            cloud infrastructure, and
                                           data protection laws (e.g., India's       enterprise IT systems. This
                                           Digital Personal Data Protection          includes encryption, intrusion
                                           Act, global GDPR equivalents              detection systems (IDS),
                                           for potential international               firewalls, regular vulnerability
                                           operations).                              assessments, and penetration
                                                                                     testing.
                                        4. Brand Trust: Any breach can
                                           severely damage customer trust        3. Employee Training and
                                           in OEM's technology and brand             Awareness: OEM conducts
                                           integrity.                                regular, mandatory training
                                                                                     for all employees on data
                                                                                     privacy best practices,
                                                                                     cybersecurity threats (e.g.,
                                                                                     phishing), and incident
                                                                                     response protocols.

                                                                                 4. Incident Response and
                                                                                     Business Continuity
                                                                                     Planning: OEM shall develop
                                                                                     a clear incident response
                                                                                     plan for data breaches or
                                                                                     cyberattacks, including
                                                                                     communication protocols,
                                                                                     forensic analysis, and
                                                                                     recovery steps. OEM shall also
                                                                                     ensure business continuity
                                                                                     plans are in place to minimize
                                                                                     disruption.

                                                                                 5. T
                                                                                     hird-Party Risk
                                                                                    Management: OEM might
                                                                                    need to vet third-party
                                                                                    vendors (e.g., cloud service
                                                                                    providers, software partners)
                                                                                    for their data security
                                                                                    practices and include
                                                                                    stringent data protection
                                                                                    clauses in service agreements
                                                                                    with third-party vendors.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    109
                                                                                                                   Financial
                                                                                                                   implications
                          Indicate                                                                                 of the risk or
                          whether                                                                                  opportunity
                          risk or                                                                                  (Indicate
         Material issue                 Rationale for identifying the risk /   In case of risk, approach to
S. No.                    opportunity                                                                              positive or
         identified                     opportunity                            adapt or mitigate.
                          (R/O)                                                                                    negative
                                                                                                                   implications)
6.       Market /         Opportunity   The Indian EV market is intensely    1. C
                                                                                 ontinuous Product
         Product                        competitive, with established ICE       Innovation and Differentiation:
         Competition                    players transitioning to EVs, new       OEM shall invest in R&D to
                                        pure-play EV startups, and potential    launch new models with
                                        entry of global giants.                 advanced features, improved
                                                                                performance, range, and
                                        1. Rapidly Evolving Landscape:         unique design aesthetics. OEM
                                            Technology changes quickly, new     shall also focus on software-
                                            models are launched frequently,     defined vehicles, smart
                                            and consumer preferences are        connectivity, and personalized
                                            still forming.                      user experiences.

                                        2. Pricing Pressure: High             2. Strategic Pricing and Value
                                            competition can lead to pricing        Proposition: OEM shall
                                            wars, impacting margins.               develop dynamic pricing
                                                                                   strategies that balance
                                        3. Product Differentiation:               market competitiveness
                                            Differentiating OEM’s offerings        with profitability. OEM shall
                                            based on features, design,             emphasize the total cost of
                                            performance, and ecosystem is          ownership (TCO) advantage of
                                            crucial.                               EVs (lower running costs) to
                                                                                   highlight value.
                                        4. Brand Loyalty: Building strong
                                                                                   obust Brand Building and
                                                                               3. R
                                            brand loyalty in a new market
                                                                                  Marketing: OEM shall develop
                                            requires steady innovation and
                                                                                  marketing campaigns that
                                            customer satisfaction.
                                                                                  highlight OEM's technological
                                                                                  prowess, sustainability
                                                                                  mission, and customer-centric
                                                                                  approach. OEM shall also
                                                                                  consider leveraging digital
                                                                                  channels and experiential
                                                                                  marketing effectively to
                                                                                  enhance brand reputation and
                                                                                  market presence.

                                                                               4. Ecosystem Development
                                                                                   and Partnerships: OEM shall
                                                                                   differentiate by building
                                                                                   a holistic EV ecosystem,
                                                                                   including charging
                                                                                   infrastructure (OEM Charging
                                                                                   Network), software services,
                                                                                   and potentially battery
                                                                                   swapping options.

                                                                                   ggressive Market Expansion
                                                                               5. A
                                                                                  and Customer Acquisition:
                                                                                  OEM shall expand sales and
                                                                                  service network rapidly across
                                                                                  Tier 1, 2, and 3 cities. OEM
                                                                                  shall also offer attractive
                                                                                  financing, exchange, and
                                                                                  upgrade programs to enhance
                                                                                  customer acquisition.



110
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURE

This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place
towards adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.

POLICY AND MANAGEMENT PROCESSES


     Principle P1:                                   Principle P2:                    Principle P3:
     Ethics & Transparency                           Product Responsibility           Human Resource

      y Code of Conduct for all members of the        y Code of Conduct                y Employees Equity Linked
        Board and Senior Management                                                      Incentive Plan, 2019
      y Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery
                                                                                       y Environmental, Social, and
      y Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy                                                Governance (ESG) Policy

      y Policy for evaluation of performance of
        Board of Directors

      y Risk Management Policy

      y Employee Trading Code

      y Nomination and Remuneration Policy

      y Price Sensitive Information Disclosure
        Policy

      y Whistleblower Policy

      y Policy for Archival of Website Disclosures

      y Policy on Materiality of Related Party
        Transactions

      y Familiarization Programme for
        Independent Directors Policy

      y Policy for Determining Material
        Subsidiaries

      y Policy for Determination of Materiality

      y Environmental, Social, and Governance
        (ESG) Policy
                                                                                      Principle P6:
     Principle P4:                                   Principle P5:
                                                                                      Efforts to restore the
     Responsiveness to Stakeholders                  Respect for Human Rights
                                                                                      Environment
                                                     y   Code of Conduct               y Corporate Social
      y   Dividend Distribution Policy                                                   Responsibility Policy
                                                     y   Environmental, Social, and
      y   Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR           Governance (ESG) Policy       y Environmental, Social, and
          Policy)                                                                        Governance (ESG) Policy

     Principle P7:                                   Principle P8:                    Principle P9:
     Public Advocacy Policy                          Inclusive Growth                 Customer Engagement

      y   Environmental, Social, and Governance      y   Environmental, Social, and    y Environmental, Social, and
          (ESG) Policy                                   Governance (ESG) Policy         Governance (ESG) Policy




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26               111
           Disclosure Question            P1        P2       P3        P4       P5        P6         P7        P8         P9

      1.

      a. Whether your entity’s
      policy/ policies cover             Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes      Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes         Yes
      each principle and its core
      elements of the NGRBCs.
      (Yes/No)

      b. Has the policy been
      approved by the Board?             Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes      Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes         Yes
      (Yes/No)

      c. Web Link of the Policies,
                                                                    https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies
      if available

      2. Whether the entity has
      translated the policy into         Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes      Yes       Yes       Yes       Yes         Yes
      procedures. (Yes/No)

      3. Do the enlisted policies
      extend to your value chain         Yes       Yes       No        Yes      No        Yes        No        No         No
      partners? (Yes/No)

      4. Name of the national
      and international codes/
      certifications/labels/          y ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System)
      standards (e.g. Forest          y Compliance with Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989.
      Stewardship Council,
      Fairtrade, Rainforest           y Providers: Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) and International
                                        Centre for Automotive Technology (ICAT)
      Alliance, Trustea) standards
      (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS.           y ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System)
      ISO, BIS) adopted by your
                                      y ISO 27001 (Information Security Management Systems) certification
      entity and mapped to each
      principle.




                                                                                6. Performance of the entity against
                                     5. Specific commitments, goals and
                                                                                the specific commitments, goals and
      Disclosure Question            targets set by the entity with defined
                                                                                targets along-with reasons in case
                                     timelines, if any.
                                                                                the same are not met.

                                     Ola Electric is committed to transparent
                                                                                Successfully completed Initial Public
                                     and ethical conduct, as evidenced
                                                                                Offering (IPO) in August 2024. All
                                     by its successful public listing and
                 Ethics &                                                       complaints reported under the Vigil
      P1                             robust internal control framework. The
                 Transparency                                                   Mechanism were investigated and
                                     Company’s Whistle Blower Policy ensures
                                                                                resolved in a timely manner, with
                                     a mechanism for reporting unethical
                                                                                appropriate disciplinary actions taken.
                                     behavior and fraud.
                                     The Company aims to lead the E2W
                                                                                Launched Gen 3 platform which achiveed
                                     segment by delivering industry-
                                                                                higher peak power and greater range,
                                     leading products underpinned by deep
                 Product                                                        while reducing the cost reduction.
      P2                             technological innovation, focusing
                 Responsibility                                                 Cumulative sales of approximately 9.7 lakh
                                     on performance, efficiency, and cost
                                                                                E2W units since inception, with over 3.4
                                     reduction. Also expanded into electric
                                                                                lakh units sold in FY25 alone.
                                     motorcycles.




112
                                                                            6. Performance of the entity against
                              5. Specific commitments, goals and
                                                                            the specific commitments, goals and
Disclosure Question           targets set by the entity with defined
                                                                            targets along-with reasons in case
                              timelines, if any.
                                                                            the same are not met.

                                                                            The Company’s significant operational
                              Ola Electric is focused on building a         expansion and continued investments in
                              strong and capable workforce to support       Research & Development demonstrate its
P3       Human Resources
                              its rapid expansion and technological         commitment to building and developing a
                              advancements.                                 skilled workforce necessary for its growth
                                                                            and technological leadership.
                                                                            The Company rationalised its retailand
                              The Company is expanding its distibution
                                                                            service network during the year, with
         Responsiveness to    and service network to enhance customer
P4                                                                          a network of approximately 700 stores
         Stakeholders         touchpoints and optimize delivery
                                                                            across India, focused on improving service
                              timelines.
                                                                            responsiveness.
                                                                            Details of complaints received and
                              Ola Electric maintains a zero-tolerance       disposed of during FY 2025–26 are
         Respect for          policy for sexual harassment at the           reported in compliance with the Sexual
P5
         Human Rights         workplace and has adopted a gender-           Harassment of Women at Workplace
                              neutral POSH policy.                          (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
                                                                            Act, 2013.
                              Ola Electric is committed to accelerating
                                                                            Completed commissioning of state-of-
                              India’s transition to electric mobility and
         Efforts to restore                                                 the-art Gigafactory and commenced
P6                            strengthening vertical integration and
         the Environment                                                    production of indigenously developed
                              supply chain resilience through indigenous
                                                                            Bharat Cell.
                              cell manufacturing.

         Public Policy
P7                            -                                             -
         Advocacy

                              Ola Electric’s mission to accelerate
                              India’s transition to electric mobility       Strong penetration into Tier-3 cities and
P8       Inclusive Growth     inherently contributes to inclusive growth    rural markets through distribution network
                              by providing sustainable transportation       expansion.
                              solutions.

                                                                            Achieved significant improvements in
                              The Company focuses on enhancing
                                                                            product performance and efficiency with
         Customer             customer experience through product
P9                                                                          the Gen 3 platform. Expanded distribution
         Engagement           innovation and expanding service
                                                                            network to improve customer reach and
                              operations.
                                                                            service.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 113
                                        GOVERNANCE, LEADERSHIP AND OVERSIGHT
                                                                 OEM’s guiding principle is to accelerate the world’s
                                                                 transition to sustainable mobility, a principle that underpins
                                                                 our entire operational strategy. As a rapidly growing
                                                                 leader in the electrical vehicle industry, our primary goal/
                                                                 objective is to scale our production responsibly while
                                                                 pioneering a new standard for sustainable manufacturing.

                                                                 A cornerstone of our commitment is the OLA
                                                                 FutureFactory. We are actively working to power this state-
      7. Statement by director responsible for the business      of-the-art facility significantly with renewable energy,
      responsibility report, highlighting ESG related            minimizing the carbon footprint of every vehicle we
      challenges, targets and achievements (listed entity has    assemble. Our focus extends beyond the manufacturing to
      flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure).   the heart of our products – the battery ecosystem. We are
                                                                 dedicated to building a circular economy by establishing
                                                                 a robust framework for battery recycling and second-life
                                                                 applications, which complements our efforts in responsible
                                                                 material sourcing.

                                                                 Our strategy is to achieve tangible short-term targets in
                                                                 manufacturing efficiency, renewable energy adoption, and
                                                                 circularity.

                                                                 The final authority responsibility for the implementation
      8. Details of the highest authority responsible for
                                                                 and oversight of our Business Responsibility &
      implementation and oversight of the Business
                                                                 Sustainability Policy rests with the Board of Directors, led
      Responsibility & Sustainability (BRSR) Policy
                                                                 by the Chairman and Managing Director.



      9. Does the entity have a specified committee of the
      board/Director responsible for decision making on
                                                                 OEM has no such specified committee
      sustainibility related issues?
      If Yes, Provide details.



10. Details of Review of the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC) by the company:

                         Indicate whether review was undertaken
                                                                Frequency: Annually (A) / Half yearly (H) /
                         by Director / Committee of the Board/
                                                                Quarterly (Q) / Any other – please specify
      Subject for Review Any other Committee

                              P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2                           P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9

      Performance against
      above policies &              Board or Committee of the Board                              Annually
      follow up action


      Compliance
      with statutory
      requirements of
      relevance to the              Board or Committee of the Board                              Annually
      principles, and
      rectification of any
      non-compliances




114
11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external
    agency? (Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency.


         P1             P2            P3            P4           P5        P6         P7           P8             P9



                                                                 No



12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:



     Questions                                                   P1   P2    P3   P4     P5    P6        P7   P8        P9


     The entity does not consider the principles material
     to its business (Yes/ No)

     The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to
     formulate and implement the policies on specified
     principles (Yes/No)

     The entity does not have the financial or/human and                               NA
     technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)

     It is planned to be done in the next financial year
     (Yes/No)

     Any other reason (please specify)




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 115
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE.

PRINCIPLE 1- BUSINESSES SHOULD CONDUCT AND GOVERN THEMSELVES WITH INTEGRITY AND IN A MANNER
THAT IS ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT AND ACCOUNTABLE.

                                                 Essential Indicators

1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the principles during the financial year:

                                 Total number of           Topics/ principles                % of persons in respective
       Segment                   training and awareness    covered under the                 category covered by the
                                 programmes held*          training audits impact            awareness programmes*
                                                           SEBI (prohibition of Insider
                                                           Trading) Regulations
       Board of Directors                   1                                                             100
                                                           Best Practices in Related
                                                           Party Transaction (RPT)
                                                           Governance
                                                           SEBI (prohibition of Insider
       Key Managerial                                      Trading) Regulations
                                            1                                                             100
       Personnel (KMP)                                     SEBI (Listing Obligations and
                                                           Disclosure Requirements)

                                                           SEBI (prohibition of Insider
       Employees other than                                Trading) Regulations
                                            1                                                             100
       BoD and KMPs                                        SEBI (Listing Obligations and
                                                           Disclosure Requirements)

                                                           Safety, Cyber Crime
       Workers                             319             Awareness, POSH, Technical                     100
                                                           Training



2.    Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings
      (by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the
      financial year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as
      specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as
      disclosed on the entity’s website):

                                                        Monetary
                                                                                                         Has an
                                      Name of the regulatory/
                            NGRBC                                                         Brief of the   appeal been
                                      enforcement agencies/ Amount (In INR)
                            Principle                                                     Case           preferred?
                                      judicial institution
                                                                                                         (Yes/No)

       Penalty/ Fine           Nil               NA                       Nil                  NA               No

       Settlement              Nil               NA                       Nil                  NA               No

       Compounding fee         Nil               NA                       Nil                  NA               No

                                                      Non-Monetary
                                      Name of the regulatory/
                            NGRBC                                             Has an appeal been
                                      enforcement agencies/ Brief of the Case
                            Principle                                         preferred? (Yes/No)
                                      judicial institution

       Imprisonment            Nil               NA                       NA                             No

       Punishment              Nil               NA                       NA                             No




116
3.   Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the appeal/revision preferred in cases where
     monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.


                                                                    Name of regulatory/ enforcement agencies/
                           Case Details
                                                                               judicial institutions

                                 Nil                                                       NA


4.   Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available,
     provide a web-link to the policy.

     Yes, OEM has an Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy. OEM conducts its business with honesty, transparency,
     and ethical integrity, maintaining a strict zero-tolerance approach towards bribery and corruption. The Company
     is committed to conducting all business dealings fairly, professionally, and in compliance with applicable laws
     and regulations. Robust controls and procedures are in place to prevent bribery, and associates are prohibited
     from offering, accepting, or facilitating any form of bribery, either directly or indirectly, including through third
     parties.

     Associates are encouraged to report any suspected or actual instances of bribery or corruption to the Board
     of Directors through the designated reporting channel at disclosure@olaelectric.com. The policy highlights the
     legal, financial, and reputational risks associated with bribery and provides guidance on identifying, preventing,
     and addressing corruption-related concerns. In addition, OEM conducts periodic risk assessments to identify
     and mitigate potential bribery and corruption risks across its operations.

     Weblink: https://www.olaelectric.com/investor-relations/policies/

5 . Number of Directors/KMPs/employees against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement
     agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:


                                                       FY 2025-26                               FY 2024-25

     Directors                                              Nil                                     Nil

     KMPs                                                   Nil                                     Nil

     Employees                                              Nil                                     Nil

     Workers                                                Nil                                     Nil



6.   Details of complaints about conflict of interest.


                                                 FY 2025-26                                  FY 2024-25

                                       Number             Remarks                Number                   Remarks

     Number of complaints
     received in relation to
                                         Nil                                         Nil
     issues of Conflict of
     Interest of the Directors
                                                              NA                                            NA
     Number of complaints
     received in relation to
                                         Nil                                         Nil
     issues of Conflict of
     Interest of the KMPs




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              117
7.    Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/penalties/action taken
      by regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.


      NA

8.    Number of days of accounts payables (Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) Workersin
      the following format:


         No. of days of accounts payables                    FY 2025-26                         FY 2024-25

                                                                 78 Days                          81 Days


9.    Open-ness of business*

      Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties
      along with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:


       Parameter          Metrics                                                              FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25

                          a. Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases                      0          0

       Concentration of   b. Number of trading houses where purchases are made from                     0          0
       Purchases*
                          c. Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases
                                                                                                        0          0
                          from trading houses

                          a. Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales                        0          0

       Concentration of   b. Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made                    0          0
       sales*
                          c. Sales to top 10 dealers/ distributors as % of total sales to
                                                                                                        0          0
                          dealers / distributors

                          a. Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total Purchases)               0          0


                          b. Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales)                          1.97       1.31

       Share of RPTs in
                          c. Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties /
                                                                                                        0          0
                          Total loans & advances)

                          d. Investments (Investments in related parties / Total Investments
                                                                                                        0          0
                          made)


      *Note: OEM has not engaged in any purchase transactions with trading houses during FY2026. Furthermore,
      all sales and purchase transactions for FY2026 were made directly by OEM, with no transactions conducted
      through dealers or distributors.




118
PRINCIPLE 2 - BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT IS SUSTAINABLE AND
SAFE

                                                   Essential Indicators

1.   Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the
     environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the
     entity, respectively.

              FY 2025- FY 2024-
                                  Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
              26       25
      R&D       100      100      Environmental Impact

                                  1.Driving the Transition to Electric Mobility: During FY 2025-26, Ola Electric continued to
                                     strengthen India's electric mobility ecosystem through investments in manufacturing
                                     infrastructure, battery innovation and research and development capabilities. The launch
                                     of the Gen 3 scooter platform and expansion into the electric motorcycle segment through
                                     the Roadster portfolio support wider adoption of electric mobility by offering improved
                                     vehicle performance, range and operating efficiency. These initiatives contribute to reducing
                                     dependence on fossil fuel-based transportation and lowering tailpipe emissions.

                                  2. A
                                      dvancement of Indigenous Battery Technology: Ola Electric continued to advance
                                     its vertically integrated battery strategy through investments in cell manufacturing
                                     infrastructure and development of its indigenous Bharat Cell technology. During FY 2025-
                                     26, the Company announced government certification of the Roadster X+ powered by its
                                     in-house developed 4680 Bharat Cell battery pack, marking a key milestone in strengthening
                                     domestic battery manufacturing capabilities and reducing reliance on imported
                                     technologies.

                                  3. Enhanced Product Efficiency and Innovation: The Company's continued investments in
                                      vehicle engineering, proprietary software platforms such as MoveOS, and next-generation
                                      battery technologies are aimed at improving vehicle efficiency, range, performance and
                                      user experience. The Gen 3 platform introduced improvements in peak power, driving range
                                      and product economics, supporting more efficient use of resources throughout the product
                                      lifecycle.

                                  4. E
                                      nabling Sustainable Manufacturing Practices: Investments in modern manufacturing
      Capex     100      100         facilities and utility infrastructure create opportunities to incorporate energy-efficient
                                     processes, renewable energy sources, and improved resource management practices across
                                     operations.

                                  Social Impact

                                  1. Improving Product Safety and Reliability: Investments in testing laboratories, quality
                                     management equipment, in-house ABS development, and testing tools underscore a strong
                                     focus on vehicle safety, quality, and reliability, ultimately enhancing consumer confidence
                                     and trust.

                                  2. E
                                      xpanding Access to Clean Mobility Solutions: Development across both two-wheeler and
                                     three-wheeler segments demonstrates an effort to offer accessible and diverse electric
                                     mobility options, supporting cleaner cities, lower noise pollution, and improved quality of life.

                                  3. Fostering Innovation and Economic Development: Investments in advanced technologies,
                                      including in-house motor and MCU development, contribute to technological progress,
                                      create employment opportunities, and support the growth of a skilled workforce within the
                                      clean mobility ecosystem.

                                  4. E
                                      nhancing Customer Experience and Connectivity: Continued improvements to Move
                                     OS and Ola app features help deliver a more intuitive and connected user experience,
                                     encouraging EV adoption while supporting efficient and convenient vehicle usage.


Note: Being an EV focused company, 100% R&D and Capital Expenditure investments relate to investments in specific
technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of products and processes.

                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    119
2.    a.Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)

      Currently, the OEM does not have a formal sustainable sourcing framework or established procedures in
      place. However, the organization is exploring opportunities to develop and implement sustainable sourcing
      practices that align with its environmental, social, and governance (ESG) objectives and support responsible
      supply chain management.

      b.   If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?

      NA

3.    Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the
      end of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.


       Type of Waste    Name of Policy/ Process                           Policy/ Process Description

       Plastics         End-of-Life Management of Products and Packaging
       (including
       packaging)       At OEM, we are committed to managing products and packaging responsibly throughout their
                        lifecycle, including end-of-life stages. Our approach focuses on maximizing resource recovery
                        through reuse, recycling, and environmentally sound disposal via authorized vendor partners.
                        All waste management activities are carried out in compliance with applicable regulatory
                        requirements, permits, consents, and authorizations in India. As part of our long-term
                        sustainability vision, we continue to work towards achieving Zero Waste to Landfill across our
                        operations.

                        Our primary responsibility is to ensure the proper segregation, collection, storage, and
                        channelization of waste to government-authorized recyclers and treatment facilities. While we do
                        not directly undertake recycling or disposal activities, we collaborate with certified vendors who
                        possess the expertise and approvals required to process waste streams in an environmentally
                        responsible manner.

                        (a) Plastic Waste (Including Packaging)
       E-waste
                        Plastic waste generated within manufacturing operations is segregated at source based on
                        material type and managed through established waste handling processes.

                        Segregated plastic waste, including production-related plastic components and internal packaging
                        materials, is transferred to authorized recyclers for recovery and reuse.

                        For product and spare-part packaging, efforts are focused on reducing plastic consumption and
                        enhancing recyclability.

                        As OEM is not classified as a Brand Owner/Producer under the applicable regulations, EPR
                        obligations are currently not applicable.

                        Authorized plastic waste processors are engaged to ensure that collected plastic packaging waste
                        is recycled and reintroduced into the value chain wherever feasible.

                        (b) E-Waste

                        E-waste generated from operations primarily includes obsolete IT assets, electronic devices,
                        testing equipment, and electronic components that have reached the end of their useful life.

                        Under the Company-Owned, Company-Operated (COCO) model, e-waste generated at retail and
                        service locations is consolidated and transported to the centralized facility at Pochampalli.

                        The collected e-waste is subsequently handed over only to government-authorized recyclers in
                        accordance with the E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022.

                        Appropriate tracking, documentation, and monitoring mechanisms are maintained to ensure
                        compliance and traceability throughout the disposal process.




120
         Type of Waste   Name of Policy/ Process                            Policy/ Process Description


         Hazardous
         waste           (c) Hazardous Waste (Including Li-Ion Batteries)
                         Hazardous and other waste generated during manufacturing operations is managed through
                         controlled handling and storage practices, with efforts made to maximize resource recovery and
                         minimize landfill disposal.
                         Warranty-failed lithium-ion batteries collected through the service network are retrieved and
                         transferred to authorized battery recyclers for environmentally sound treatment.
                         End-of-life traction batteries are managed in accordance with the Battery Waste Management
                         Rules, 2022, ensuring responsible collection, recycling, and recovery.
                         All transportation, storage, handling, and disposal activities are undertaken in compliance with
                         relevant environmental regulations, including the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and
                         Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016.
                         Overall Waste Management Framework
                         OEM ensures that all waste streams are managed in full compliance with applicable environmental
         Other waste     laws and regulatory requirements, including directives issued by authorities such as the Central
                         Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and the relevant State Pollution Control Boards.
                         The organization regularly reviews and enhances its waste management practices in collaboration
                         with authorized vendor partners to improve operational efficiency, reduce environmental
                         impacts, and support circular economy objectives.
                         Through continuous improvement initiatives, OEM remains focused on strengthening sustainable
                         waste management practices and advancing its commitment to a more resource-efficient and
                         environmentally responsible future.




4.   Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes,
     whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted
     to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.
     OLA Future Factory has obtained:

     y     1. Registration Certificate for Producers under Rule 4 of Battery Waste Management Rules, 2012 vide
           certificate number - 72318815663397482841 (dated: 11.05.2023) valid for the period till 10.05.2028.

     y     2. Registration Certificate of Producer under Rules 4 and 6 of E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2022 vide EPR
           Registration of Certificate Number - B-29016(3853)(EPR)/23/WM-III (dated: 10.09.2023) and valid for the
           period till 09.09.2028

     OLA Cell Technologies has obtained:

     1.    Registration Certificate for Producers under Rule 4 of Battery Waste Management Rules, 2012 vide
           certificate number C.No - 74526046 Dt - 23/12/2025 valid for the period till 22.12.2030




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 121
PRINCIPLE 3 - BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE THE WELL-BEING OF ALL EMPLOYEES, INCLUDING
THOSE IN THEIR VALUE CHAINS

                                                Essential Indicators

1. a.Details of measures for the well-being of employees:

                                             % Of employees covered by

                              Health            Accident             Maternity              Paternity            Day care
                 Total      insurance          insurance             Benefits               benefits             facilities
      Category
                   (A)
                         No.(B) % (B/A) No.(C)       % (C/A)       No.(D) % (D/A) No.(E) % (E/A) No.(F) % (F/A)
                                              PERMANENT EMPLOYEES*

      Male        2464     2464     100%     2464      100%              0           0      106      4.30%      2464          1

      Female      1007     1007     100%     1007      100%           12     1.19%               0   0.00%      1007     100%

      Total       3471     3471     100%     3471      100%           12     0.35%          106      3.05%      3471     100%

                                        OTHER THAN PERMANENT EMPLOYEES

      Male           0         -         -       -             -         -           -           -          -      -          -

      Female         0         -         -       -             -         -           -           -          -      -          -

      Total          0        0          -       0             -         0           -           0          -      0          -


      *Note: OEM offers health, accident, parental benefits, and day care only to Permanent Employees.

  b.Details of measures for the well-being of workers:

                                             % Of employees covered by

                             Health           Accident             Maternity               Paternity             Day care
                 Total                                             Benefits                benefits
      Category             insurance         insurance                                                           facilities
                   (A)
                         No.(B) % (B/A) No.(C) %(C/A) No.(D) %(D/A)                      No.(E) % (E/A) No. (F) % (F/A)
                                               PERMANENT EMPLOYEES

      Male           0        0         -       0          -         0           -           0          -          0          -

      Female         0        0         -       0          -         0           -           0          -          0          -

      Total          0        0         -       0          -         0           -           0          -          0          -

                                        OTHER THAN PERMANENT EMPLOYEES*

      Male           0        0         -       0          -         0           -           0          -          0          -

      Female         0        0         -       0          -         0           -           0          -          0          -

      Total          0        0         -       0          -         0           -           0          -          0          -



      *Note: All our workers are contractual workers hired by third party vendors and well-being of these workers is
      ensured by said third party vendors. However, OEM makes sure that such third-party vendors adhere to OEM’s
      standards of well-being.




122
     c. Spend on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than
       permanent) in the following format –

                                                                 FY 2025-26                         FY 2024-25

       Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of
                                                                   0.21%                              0.82%
       total revenue of the company


2.    Details of retirement benefits for the current and previous financial year

                                              FY 2025-26                                    FY 2024-25

                                                                                                              Deducted
                             No. of           No. of                        No. of
                                                            Deducted &                      No. of            and
                             employees        workers                       employees
                                                            deposited                       workers           deposited
                             covered          covered                       covered
       Benefits                                             with the                        covered (as       with the
                             (as a %          (as a %                       (as a %
                                                            authority                       a % of total      authority
                             of total         of total                      of total
                                                            (Yes/No/N.A)                    workers)          (Yes/No/
                             employee)        workers)                      employees)
                                                                                                              N.A.)

       PF                    81.00%           0.00%*        Y               95.2%           0.00%*            Y


       Gratuity              0.78%            0.00%*        Y               1.5%            0.00%*            NA


       ESI                   14.00%           0.00%*        Y               19.1%           0.00%*            Y

       Others- Please
                             NA               NA            NA              NA              NA                NA
       Specify


      Note: The PF, ESI, etc for the contractual workers are reimbursed by the company.

3. Accessibility of workplaces

      Are the premises/offices accessible to differently abled employees as per the requirements of the Rights of
      Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.

      OEM ensures its premises are accessible as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. Our Ola
      Campus and factories are designed to be accessible to all employees, including those with disabilities, ensuring
      they can navigate the workplace and perform their duties comfortably.

4.    Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If
      so, provide a web-link to the policy.

      OEM is committed to ensuiring equal remuneration and fair compensation for all employees in line with
      applicable laws and principles of workplace equality. The policy is availble to all internal stakeholders on
      Website.


5.    Return to work and retention rates of permanent employess that took parental leave.


                                                Permanent employees                                 Permanent Workers

       Gender                     Return to work rate      Retention rate     Return to work rate          Retention rate

       Male                                   100.0%             80.00%                 100.00%                    100.00%

       Female                                 100.0%               0.00%                100.00%                    100.00%

       Total                                  100.0%             80.00%                 100.00%                    100.00%



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              123
6. Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees
   and workers? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.

                                         Yes/No

                                         (If Yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
                                         Yes, OEM has established a structured grievance redressal mechanism for employees. Employees
                                         across all entities can report concerns by submitting their complaints to the designated email
                                         address, safework@olaelectric.com. Upon receipt, the relevant committee reviews the complaint
      Permanent Employees                to assess its validity and initiates the resolution process accordingly.

                                         To ensure impartiality and comprehensive investigation of grievances, OEM also collaborates with
                                         an independent external partner that works closely with the internal committee throughout the
                                         complaint-handling process
      Other than Permanent Employees     No

      Permanent Workers                  No

      Other than Permanent Workers       No




7.    Membership of employees in association(s) or unions recognised by the listed entity:


                                               FY 2025-26                                               FY 2024-25
                                              No. of                                                      No. of
                                              employees/                                                  employees/
                          Total               workers in                             Total                workers in
       Category           employees/          respective                             employees/           respective
                          workers in          category,      % (B/A)                 workers in           category,      % (D/C)
                          respective          who are                                respective           who are
                          category (A)        part of                                category (C)         part of
                                              association(s)                                              association(s)
                                              or Union(B)                                                 or Union (D)
                                                     Total Permanent Employees

       Male
                                                    NA                                                        NA
       Female

                                                      Total Permanent Workers

       Male
                                                    NA                                                        NA
       Female




124
8.   Details of training given to employees and workers


                                    FY 2025-26                                                 FY 2024-25
                                 On Health
                                                    On Skill                       On Health &                 On Skill
                                 & Safety
     Category Total (A)                           Upgradation          Total (D) Safety Measures             Upgradation
                                 Measures
                              No.(B) %(B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)                         No. (E)     % (E/A) No. (F)        % (F/A)
                                                            EMPLOYEES

     Male             3744          0      0%           0       0%           165        110        67%            55       33%

     Female           1863          0      0%           0       0%           120         55        46%            65       54%

     Total            5607          0      0%           0       0%           285        165        58%           120       42%

                                                            WORKERS

     Male              237        237    100%           0       0%           970        750        77%           220       23%

     Female            295       295     100%           0       0%          3220       1545        48%       1675          52%

     Total             532        532    100%           0       0%          4190       2295        55%       1895          45%




9.   Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and workers


                                         FY 2025-26                                             FY 2024-25
     Category
                             Total (A)          No.(B           % (B/A)            Total (C)         No.(D)            % (D/C)

                                                            Employees
     Male                        3744              0                    0             3682                   0                   0

     Female                      1863              0                    0             1254                   0                   0

     Total                       5607              0                    0              4936                  0                   0

                                                            Workers*
     Male                         237              0                    0                NA                 NA                   -

     Female                       295              0                    0                NA                 NA                   -

     Total                        532              0                    0                  -                 -                   -

     *Note: All OEM personnel classified as ‘workers’ are contractual staff engaged through third-party vendors.
     These vendors are responsible for the performance management and career development of the workers.
     OEM ensures that all such third-party vendors adhere to our established standards for performance and
     career development reviews.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                125
10. Health and Safety management system:

a. Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/
   No).If yes, the coverage such system?

Yes. Occupational Health and Safety Management System is in place.

1.    Dissemination of Occupational Health & Safety policy

2.    EHS Guidelines on Hazard Identification & Risk Assessment is in place to assess the Risk and put controls in
      place to reduce the Risk as low as reasonably practicable

3.    EHS Guidelines in place for incident reporting & investigation

4.    EHS Guidelines on Factory Layout

5.    SOP on Work Permits System

b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine
    basis by the entity?

Our workplaces are equipped with Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA) systems, We regularly
conduct health and safety audits and carry out periodic occupational health surveillance to ensure a safe working
environment.

Additionally, the workplace hazards are identified through routine and non-routine activities.

1.    HIRA conducted for all the routine activities.
2.    The Work Permit System and Job Safety Analysis is in place to mitigate the hazards and Risk for Nonroutine
      activities.

3.    Work instructions /SOP have been prepared for all the routine activities
4.    Schedule has been prepared for workplace inspection; Fire & Safety Audit is in place to assess the Non-
      conformities and initiate action accordingly.

5.    Safety trainings are conducted on different topics.
6.    Health campaigns are conducted.
c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from
    such risks. (Yes/No)
Yes, employees are encouraged to report any unsafe or unhealthy working conditions to their immediate supervisor
or directly to the safety department. The safety team will promptly investigate the situation, take appropriate
corrective actions, and review the Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA). An incident report will be
generated, and a safety representative will be dispatched to the location to conduct an investigation.

Additionally, OEM has the template for all the ground workers to report all the work-related hazards & risk without
any barriers:

1.    Incident reporting template has been created and displayed across the location to report all the identified
      hazards & risks.

2.    The Safety committee meeting has been formed across all level of employees and taking feedback about work
      place hazards.

d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services?

Yes, all employees, including contractor workers, have round-the-clock access to the clinics located in our factories
for non-work-related medical services.

Additionally:

1.    OEM has a fully pledged Occupational Health Centre operating 24/7 inside the premises with all the facilities to
      provide first aid to any medical emergency (including both occupational or any personal illness)

2.    OHC is accessible for all employees, including contract workers, for receiving first aid to any Occupational
      related Injury and treatment for Personal Illness.



126
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:


     Safety Incident/Number                Category                          FY 2025-26              FY 2024-25


     Lost Time Injury Frequency            Employees                                  Nil                     Nil
     Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-
     person hours worked)                   Workers                                   Nil                     0.1


                                           Employees                                  Nil                      1
     Total recordable work-
     related injuries
                                            Workers                                   Nil                      3


                                           Employees                                  Nil                     Nil
     No. of fatalities
                                            Workers                                   Nil                     Nil


     High consequence work-                Employees                                  Nil                     Nil
     related injury or ill-health
     (excluding fatalities)                 Workers                                   Nil                     Nil




12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.

OEM adopts a proactive approach to health and safety by implementing comprehensive measures aimed at
preventing workplace incidents, injuries, occupational illnesses, and lost workdays. Regular safety audits are
conducted by qualified internal teams, and employees receive ongoing training on key topics such as chemical
safety, fire safety, and process safety. The Company utilizes Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment (HIRA)
methodologies to systematically identify workplace hazards, evaluate associated risks, and implement appropriate
controls. OEM is committed to maintaining high standards of occupational health and safety and ensuring
compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, including ISO 45001.

To strengthen its safety culture, OEM has integrated multiple preventive measures across its operations.
Infrastructure and equipment are designed with built-in safety features, including automated shutdown
mechanisms, detection systems, containment measures, and suppression systems. A Permit-to-Work system is
in place to manage contractor activities and non-routine tasks, while periodic safety inspections and workplace
assessments help identify and address unsafe conditions and behaviors. HIRA studies are regularly conducted for
routine operations to ensure effective risk controls are maintained. In addition, the Company implements an annual
EHS training program for employees, conducts scheduled workplace inspections, and undertakes periodic medical
examinations for employees and contract workers. Health and wellness camps are also organized to promote
employee wellbeing and support a safe and healthy working environment.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            127
13. Number of complaints on working conditions and health and safety made by employees and workers:

                                          FY 2025-26                                        FY 2024-25

      Category                               Pending                                           Pending
                         Filed during                                       Filed during
                                           resolution at      Remarks                      resolution at the     Remarks
                           the year                                           the year
                                          the end of year                                     end of year
      Working
                              Nil                Nil                             Nil               Nil
      Conditions
                                                                  NA                                                NA
      Health & Safety         Nil                Nil                             Nil               Nil



14. Assessments for the year

                                                                       % Of your plants and offices that were assessed
                                                                             (by entity or statutory authorities or third
                                                                                                                 parties)
      Health and safety practices
                                                                                                                      100*
      Working Conditions

      *Note: Assessments of all manufacturing facilities, the corporate office, and the BIC R&D facility have been conducted
      internally according to a defined schedule




15. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and
    on significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working
    conditions.

      No actions.




128
PRINCIPLE 4- BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT THE INTERESTS OF AND BE RESPONSIVE TO ALL ITS
STAKEHOLDERS

                                                Essential Indicators

1.   Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

     The Company is committed to maintaining continuous and meaningful engagement with its stakeholders,
     recognizing their importance in creating long-term value and building strong partnerships. To strengthen this
     approach, the Company seeks to institutionalize stakeholder engagement through a structured and formalized
     process. This process facilitates regular interaction with stakeholder groups to understand their expectations,
     identify potential risks and concerns, address key challenges, and gain insights into future opportunities and
     priorities, enabling informed and sustainable decision-making

2.   List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each
     stakeholder group:

                                    Channels of
                                    communication
                      Whether       (Email, SMS,
                      identified as Newspaper,
                                                                  Purpose and scope of engagement
     Key              Vulnerable & Pamphlets,        Frequency of
                                                                  including key topics and concerns
     Stakeholders     Marginalized Advertisement, engagement
                                                                  raised during such engagement
                      Group (Yes/ Community
                      No)           Meetings,
                                    Notice Board,
                                    Website), Others
     Customers (D2C         No        Email, SMS,          Continuous    Regular engagement with customers,
     Model)                           Newspapers,                        satisfaction assessments, and various
                                      Advertisements,                    market studies helps identify principal
                                      Showroom                           concerns. These concerns encompass
                                      enquiries,                         product and service excellence, prompt
                                      Customer                           delivery, competitive pricing, and the fuel
                                      satisfaction                       economy of vehicles.
                                      surveys,after-sale
                                      services
     Suppliers              No        Email, Meetings      Continuous    The Company is actively engaging with
                                                                         suppliers through regular meetings and
                                                                         communication channels to support the
                                                                         scale-up of motorcycle production. These
                                                                         supplier development initiatives focus
                                                                         on strengthening collaboration, aligning
                                                                         production schedules, optimizing order
                                                                         planning, and facilitating participation in
                                                                         new product launches. Through continuous
                                                                         engagement, the Company aims to enhance
                                                                         supply chain resilience and proactively
                                                                         mitigate potential risks arising from
                                                                         geopolitical and other external factors.
     Regulatory             No        Email, In-person     Need basis    The Company engages with regulatory
     bodies                           Meetings                           authorities as required through formal
                                                                         communication channels, including
                                                                         official correspondence, submissions,
                                                                         and meetings. These interactions are
                                                                         focused on ensuring compliance with
                                                                         applicable laws and regulations, maintaining
                                                                         transparency, and supporting the accuracy
                                                                         and completeness of regulatory filings and
                                                                         disclosures.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   129
                                       Channels of
                                       communication
                       Whether         (Email, SMS,
                       identified as   Newspaper,
                                                                              Purpose and scope of engagement
      Key              Vulnerable &    Pamphlets,       Frequency of
                                                                              including key topics and concerns
      Stakeholders     Marginalized    Advertisement, engagement
                                                                              raised during such engagement
                       Group (Yes/     Community
                       No)             Meetings,
                                       Notice Board,
                                       Website), Others
      Shareholders /        No         Email, Website,       Quarterly and    The Company maintains regular
      Investors                        Meetings, AGMs,       Annually         engagement with shareholders
                                       Analyst Calls, etc.                    and investors through established
                                                                              communication channels, including
                                                                              emails, the corporate website, Annual
                                                                              General Meetings (AGMs), investor
                                                                              presentations, and analyst interactions.
                                                                              These engagements are conducted
                                                                              on a periodic basis to provide updates
                                                                              on the Company's strategic priorities,
                                                                              financial performance, sustainability
                                                                              initiatives, growth plans, and value-
                                                                              creation objectives, while also addressing
                                                                              stakeholder queries and expectations in a
                                                                              transparent manner.
      Employees             No         Email, Notice         Monthly,         The Company engages with employees
                                       Board, Policies,      Quarterly, and   through various communication channels,
                                                                              including emails, noticeboards, policy
                                       Codes, and            Annually, as     communications, and organizational
                                       Procedures            applicable       meetings. These interactions are conducted
                                                                              regularly to strengthen employee
                                                                              engagement, facilitate performance
                                                                              management, address grievances and
                                                                              concerns, communicate organizational
                                                                              policies and procedures, and support
                                                                              employees' professional growth and
                                                                              career development. Through continuous
                                                                              engagement, the Company seeks to foster
                                                                              a transparent, inclusive, and collaborative
                                                                              workplace culture.
      Workers                No        Notice Board,         Monthly          The Company engages regularly
                                                                              with its workforce through multiple
                                       Forums,
                                                                              communication channels, including
                                       Committee                              noticeboards, internal forums, committee
                                       Meetings, etc.                         meetings, and dedicated interactions with
                                                                              plant leadership. These engagements are
                                                                              aimed at fostering open communication,
                                                                              addressing employee grievances,
                                                                              promoting occupational health and safety,
                                                                              and discussing employee welfare initiatives
                                                                              and benefits. Through continuous
                                                                              dialogue, the Company seeks to create
                                                                              a safe, supportive, and inclusive working
                                                                              environment for all workers
      Communities            No        Community             Continuous       The Company engages with local
                                       meetings                               communities through regular interactions,
                                                                              participation in village-level events, Gram
                                                                              Sabha meetings, and implementation of
                                                                              community development initiatives. These
                                                                              engagements help assess community
                                                                              needs and priorities, with a focus on areas
                                                                              such as public health and sanitation,
                                                                              infrastructure development, livelihood
                                                                              generation, employment opportunities,
                                                                              and educational advancement. Through
                                                                              ongoing dialogue and collaboration, the
                                                                              Company aims to contribute positively to
                                                                              the social and economic development of
                                                                              the communities in which it operates.


130
PRINCIPLE 5 - BUSINESSES SHOULD RESPECT AND PROMOTE HUMAN RIGHTS

                                                  Essential Indicator

1.   Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy (ies) of the
     entity, in the following format:

                                                 FY 2025-26                                      FY 2024-25
                                                   No. of                                          No. of
     Category                                  Employees                                       Employees
                                    Total (A)                       % (B/A)         Total (C)                       % (D/C)
                                                / Workers                                       / Workers
                                              Covered (B)                                     Covered (D)
                                                        EMPLOYEES

     Permanent                           5607                0           0%               0               0              0

     Other than Permanent                   0                0           0%               0               0              0

     Total employees                      5607               0           0%               0               0              0

                                                         WORKERS

     Permanent                             532               0           0%               0               0              0

     Other than Permanent                   0                0           0%               0               0              0

     Total employees                      532                0           0%                  0            0              0

2.   Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers:

                                         FY 2025-26                                       FY 2024-25

     Category          Total    Equal to             More than          Total (D)       Equal to            More than
                         (A) minimum wage          minimum wage                      minimum wage         minimum wage
                                No.(B)   %(B/A)    No.(C) %(C/A)                    No. (E)      % (E/A) No. (F) % (F/A)
                                                        EMPLOYEES
     Permanent

     Male              3744        115       3%       3629        97%       3024       108            4    2916         96

     Female            1863       567       30%       1296       70%          469      283           60       186       40

     Other
     permanent
     Male              3670      1180       32%       2490       68%        7851       801           10    7050         90

     Female             154        46       30%        108       70%          246       83           34       163       66

                                                        WORKERS*
     Permanent

     Male               237         0        0%        237       100%          0         0            0        0         0

     Female             295         0        0%        295       100%         806        0            0       806      100

     Other then
     permanent
     Male                   0       0        0%         0         0%          314      314          100        0         0

     Female                 0       0        0%         0         0%        1279      1279          100        0         0

     *Note: OEM has no minimum wage obligations for third-party contractual workers. Hence, no individuals are
     engaged under this classification.

                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26               131
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:

      a. Median remuneration/ wages:


                                                                Male                                        Female
                                         Number               Median remuneration/            Number          Median remuneration/
                                                                   salary/ wages of                                salary/ wages of
                                                               respective category                             respective category
       Board of Directors (BoD)                       5                      724864                0                                0

       KMP (other than BoD)                       5*                         276606                 -                                -

       Employees other than                    3739                              54412           1863                           20715
       BOD & KMP

       Workers                                  237                              19863            295                           18121
      *Includes 2 KMPs who resigned during the year

      b.Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity in the following format:


                                                                        FY 2025-26                            FY 2024-25

       Gross wages paid to females as % of                                  13%                                  11%
       total wages



4.    Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues
      caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)


      No.

      While OEM has not designated a specific focal point exclusively for addressing human rights impacts, a robust
      mechanism is in place. All such issues that may arise from our operations are directed to and addressed by the
      Whistleblower Committee.

5.    Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues?

      The details of grievance redressal mechanism related to human rights issues are provided in Principle 3, point
      no. 6. The company also has an email ID for grievance- disclosure@olaelectric.com.

6.    Number of complaints on the following made by employees and workers:


                                                               FY 2025-26                                   FY 2024-25
                                                                                                             Pending
       Category                                                      Pending
                                      Filed during                                         Filed during    resolution
                                                                 resolution at     Remarks                            Remarks
                                          the year                                             the year at the end of
                                                               the end of year
                                                                                                                 year
                                                                                                                             Closed in
       Sexual Harassment                                  0                 0            NA             3                0
                                                                                                                                 FY25
       Discrimination at
                                                          0                 0            NA             0                0        NA
       workplace

       Child Labour                                       0                 0            NA             0                0        NA

       Forced / Involuntary
                                                          0                 0            NA             0                0        NA
       Labour
       Wages                                              0                 0            NA             0                0        NA

       Other human rights
                                                          0                 0            NA             0                0        NA
       related issues


132
7.   Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal)
     Act, 2013, in the following format:


                                                                                   FY 2025-26          FY 2024-25
      Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at                        0                   3
      Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)

      Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers                                 0               0.002


      Complaints on POSH upheld                                                               0                   3




8.   Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.

     To safeguard complainants from any adverse consequences, we maintain strict confidentiality throughout the
     grievance process. Any form of intimidation or retaliation against a complainant is considered a serious breach
     of our Code of Conduct. Additionally, all grievances are addressed within a defined timeline to ensure prompt
     and effective resolution.

9.   Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts?

     Yes

10. Assessments for the year:


                                                                      % of offices that were assessed (by entity or
                                                                             statutory authorities or third parties)
      Child labour                                                                                                0

      Forced/ involuntary labour                                                                                  0

      Sexual harassment                                                                                           0

      Discrimination at workplace                                                                                 0

      Wages                                                                                                       0

      Others – please specify                                                                                     0


11. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising
    from the assessments at Question 9 above.

     No corrective actions are needed based on the risk and concern assessments referenced in Question 9 above.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            133
PRINCIPLE 6- BUSINESS SHOULD RESPECT AND MAKE EFFORTS TO PROTECT AND RESTORE THE ENVIRONMENT



                                                      Essential Indicators

1.    Details of total energy consumption (in joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:


       Parameter                                                                        FY 2025-26      FY 2024-25
       From renewable sources (in GJ)

       Total electricity consumption (A)                                                  78,698.48             0.00

       Total fuel consumption (B)                                                               0.00            0.00

       Energy consumption through other sources (C)                                             0.00            0.00

       Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C)                                78698.48             0.00

       From non-renewable sources (in GJ) *

       Total electricity consumption (D)                                                   78,017.25      126,397.92

       Total fuel consumption (E)                                                         16,468.19        20,559.89

       Energy consumption through other sources (F)                                                0                0

       Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources in GJ (D+E+F)                        94,485          146,958


       Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F)                                                  173,184          146,958

       Energy intensity per rupee of turnover                                             0.0000070       0.0000030

       (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations)

       (GJ/ INR)
       Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity         0.000143        0.000062
       (PPP)**

       (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

       (GJ/ INR)
       Energy intensity in terms of physical output                                            1.113           0.387

       (GJ/ Vehicle)
       Energy intensity (optional) –                                                                                -

       the relevant metric may be selected by the entity


      Note:

      The OLA Campus has been excluded from the reporting of electricity and fuel consumption for both FY 2024–
      25 and FY 2025–26.

      The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2026 by IMF for
      India which is 20.34

      The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2025 by IMF for
      India which is 20.66.




134
     Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external
     agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

     No.

2.   Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance,
     Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? If yes, disclose whether targets set under the
     PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken,
     if any.

     NA

3.   Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:


      Parameter                                                                            FY 2025-26      FY 2024-25

      Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)

      (i) Surface water                                                                        5,264.47       5,251.94

      (ii) Ground Water                                                                        35,559.73     12,404.14

      (iii) Third Party Water                                                               114,318.00      104,733.00

      (iv) Seawater/Desalinated Water                                                               0.00          0.00

      (v) Others                                                                                    0.00          0.00

      Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i+ii+iii+iv+v)
                                                                                                155,142       122,389

      Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)
                                                                                                155,142       122,389
      Water intensity per rupee of turnover
                                                                                            0.0000063       0.0000025
      (Total water consumption/ Revenue from operations)

      (KL/ INR)
      Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)**
                                                                                            0.0001283       0.0000513
      (Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

      (KL/ INR)
      Water intensity in terms of physical output
                                                                                                  0.409         0.323
      (KL/ Vehicle)

      Water intensity (optional) –

      the relevant metric may be selected by the entity



     Note:

     The OLA Campus has been excluded from the reporting of water consumption for both FY 2024–25 and
     FY 2025–26.

     The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2026 by IMF for
     India which is 20.34

     The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2025 by IMF for
     India which is 20.66.



                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26           135
      Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external
      agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

      No.

4.    Provide the following details related to water discharged.


       Parameter                                                               FY 2025-26              FY 2024-25

       Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)

       (i)To Surface water                                                                -                       -

       -No treatment

       -With treatment, please specify level of treatment

       (ii)To Groundwater                                                                 -                       -

       -No treatment

       -With treatment, please specify level of treatment

       (iii)To Seawater                                                                   -                       -

       -No treatment

       -With treatment, please specify level of treatment

       (iv)Sent to third parties                                                          -                       -

       -No treatment

       -With treatment, please specify level of treatment

       (v)Others                                                                          -                       -

       -No treatment

       -With treatment, please specify level of treatment

       Total water discharged in kiloliters                                               -                       -


      Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external
      agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
      No.
5.    Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and
      implementation.

      Yes, The Company has adopted a Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) approach across its manufacturing operations
      to ensure that no water is discharged into the environment. All process water is treated, recycled, and reused
      within the facility.
      The ZLD system incorporates advanced evaporation and drying technologies, including:
      y     Multiple Effect Evaporator (MEE)
      y     Agitated Thin Film Dryer (ATFD).
      The Company follows a comprehensive water stewardship strategy based on the principles of reduce, reuse,
      recycle, and recharge, reinforcing its commitment to sustainable and responsible water management.




136
6.   Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:

      Parameter                                          Please specify unit             FY 2025-26       FY 2024-25
      NOx                                                Tonne                                  2.44             3.83

      Sox                                                Tonne                                  0.12             0.18

      Particulate matter (PM)                            Tonne                                  0.05             0.08

      Persistent organic pollutants (POP)                Tonne                                        -              -

      Volatile organic compounds (VOC)                   Tonne                                  0.07              0.11

      Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)                     Tonne                                0.0032           0.0050

      Others- please specify (CO)                        Tonne                                  0.65             1.02
     Note: Air emissions (other than GHG emissions) for FY 2025–26 has been calculated by considering both the
     Giga Factory and the Future Factory.

     Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external
     agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

     No.

7.   Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following
     format:

      Parameter                                             Unit                       FY 2025-26         FY 2024-25
      Total Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into Metric Tonnes of CO2
      CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) equivalent                        1,104.45           1,332.31
      Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into Metric Tonnes of CO2
      CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) equivalent                       30,907.82          25,525.36
      Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee of      Metric Tonnes per INR        0.0000013
      turnover                                                                                              0.0000005

      (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions/ Revenue
      from operations)

      Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions per rupee         tCO2e / INR
      of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity                                   0.0000265          0.0000113
      (PPP)**

      (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions /
      Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
      Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in       tCO2e / Vehicle                    0.21
      terms of physical output                                                                                    0.07
      Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity          --                                                       -
      (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by
      the entity


     *"Note:

     The OLA Campus has been excluded from the reporting of electricity and fuel consumption for both FY
     2024–25 and FY 2025–26.

     The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2026 by IMF for
     India which is 20.34

     The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2025 by IMF for
     India which is 20.66.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          137
      Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external
      agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

      No.

8.    Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.

      As part of our commitment to continual improvement, Energy Conservation (EnCon) initiatives have been
      systematically planned and implemented at the OLA Future Factory. Key initiatives for FY 2025-26 include

      1.    Electricity Conservation:

            Green energy sourcing from Wind energy has been implemented, resulting in utilisation of 5,819,896
            units of green energy. Wind energy is a non-fossil, renewable source of energy that generates electricity
            without the direct combustion of coal, oil, or other fossil fuels. Its utilisation contributes to reducing
            dependence on conventional energy sources and supports the transition towards a cleaner and more
            sustainable energy mix.

            The increased use of wind energy helps in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and lowering the
            organisation's overall carbon footprint. It also supports the efficient utilisation of renewable natural
            resources while contributing to long-term environmental sustainability.

            The utilisation of 5,819,896 units of wind-generated green energy demonstrates our continued efforts
            towards adopting cleaner energy solutions, improving environmental performance, and supporting the
            transition to a low-carbon and sustainable energy future.

      y     Electricity consumption was successfully reduced during FY 2025-26 through the implementation of
            targeted energy conservation initiatives. Key measures contributing to this reduction include:

      y     Power reduction in supply and exhaust fans – This helped to reduce power consumption by 13,091 units
            per month.

      y     Operating compressors at lower operating pressure for energy saving – This helped to achieve a power
            saving of 9,660 units per month.

      y     Operating a single VFD compressor during non-production days/hours – This resulted in significant
            savings of 920 units/month.

      y     Optimization of shop floor lightings during Non Production Days/night hours – This resulted in a saving of
            1,512 units per month.

      y     Optimization of peripheral lighting – This resulted in a saving of 1,227 units per month.

      y     Optimization of testing lab air conditioning systems based on application and usage – This resulted in a
            saving of 850 units per month.

      y     Switching off machine conveyors during idle time – This resulted in a saving of 2,160 units per month.

      y     Paint Jig stripping process technology has been changed to ambient stripping technology instead of hot
            stripping. This gives an energy saving of 68212 units per month.




138
9.   Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:

      Parameter                                                                             FY 2025-26         FY 2024-25

      Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)

      Plastic waste (A)                                                                             0.00                0.00

      E-Waste (B)                                                                                    3.06               0.00

      Bio-Medical Waste (C)                                                                          0.01               0.03

      Construction and demolition waste (D)                                                          0.00               0.00

      Battery For (E)                                                                             770.18            1171.08

      Radioactive waste (F)                                                                             0               0.00

      Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. Used Oil(G)                                  460.82              647.71

      Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any. (Paper,                   1097.43            1633.84
      Carboard & general waste)

      Total (A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H)                                                                   2,331.50            3,452.66

      Waste intensity per rupee of turnover                                                 0.00000009          0.00000007

      (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations)

      (MT/ INR)

      Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)       0.00000193         0.00000145

      (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)

      (MT/ INR)

      Waste intensity in terms of physical output                                                  0.015              0.009

      (MT/ Vehicle)

      Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity                                         -


      For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
      (in metric tonnes)
      Category of waste

      (i)Recycled                                                                               2,008.15           2,965.22

      (ii)Re-used                                                                                    0.00               0.00

      (iii)Other recovery operations (safely disposed)                                                  0                    0
      Total                                                                                     2,008.15           2,965.22

      For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of
      disposal method (in metric tonnes)
      Category of waste

      (i)     Incineration                                                                           0.01               0.03

      (ii)    Landfilling                                                                           0.00                0.00
      (iii) Other disposal operations                                                             323.34              487.41

      Total                                                                                       323.35             487.44




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             139
      Note:
      The OLA Campus has been excluded from the reporting of waste generation for both FY 2024–25 and FY 2025–
      26.
      The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2026 by IMF for
      India which is 20.34
      The revenue from operations has been adjusted on the PPP conversion factor published in 2025 by IMF for
      India which is 20.66.

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?
(Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

      No.

10. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy
    adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes
    and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
      The Company has established comprehensive Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and systems for the
      effective handling of waste, including its generation, segregation, recycling, and disposal. All waste management
      activities are carried out in compliance with applicable environmental regulations and standards. To manage
      hazardous waste, the Company has implemented a dedicated system aligned with the Hazardous and Other
      Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2006. This includes proper storage, labelling,
      and disposal through authorized vendors to ensure safe and compliant handling. In addition, the Company
      adheres to the E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2016, ensuring that electronic waste is collected, stored, and
      disposed of responsibly through certified recyclers. Battery waste is managed in accordance with regulatory
      guidelines and is sent to authorized vendors for safe recycling and disposal, minimizing environmental impact.



11. If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife
    sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.)
    where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details.

                                                           Whether the conditions of environmental
                                                           approval/ clearance are being complied with?
                Location of operations/
       S. No.                           Type of operations (Y/N)
                offices
                                                           If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action
                                                           taken, if any.
                       OEM does not have any of its manufacturing facilities in ecologically sensitive areas.




140
12. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws,
    in FY 2025-26.


     Name and        EIA Notification    Date          Whether conducted by         Results          Relevant
     brief details   Number                            independent external         communicated     Web Links
     of project                                        agency (Yes / No)            in public domain
                                                                                    (Yes/No)
                                                   Not Applicable



13. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India, such as the
    Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment
    protection act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances.

    Yes, Complied with the applicable environment laws like Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1981,
    Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1974, The Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and
    Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016, Battery Waste Management Rules 2022, E-Waste (Management)
    Rules, 2016, Bio Medical Waste Management Rules 2016.

     S. No.    Specify the law /         Provide            Any fines / penalties       Corrective action taken
               regulation / guidelines   details of the     / action taken by           if any
               which was not             non-compliance     regulatory agencies
               complied with                                such as pollution
                                                            control boards or by
                                                            courts
                                                   Not Applicable




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             141
PRINCIPLE 7- BUSINEESS, WHEN ENGAGING IN INFLUENCING PUBLIC AND REGULATORY POLICY, SHOULD DO SO
IN A MANNER THAT IS RESPONSIBLE AND TRANSPARENT

Engaging in public and regulatory policy should be done responsibly and transparently. By advocating for policies
that benefit society, businesses can contribute positively to the regulatory landscape and build trust with the public
and policymakers. We understand the power of public policy to shape the world around us, and we are committed
to advocating for policies that create a positive societal impact.

                                                 Essential Indicator

1.    a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.

      NIL

1.    b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such
      body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.

                    Name of the trade and industry chambers /          Reach of trade and industry chambers/
       S. No.
                    associations                                       associations (State/National)

                                                           NIL




2.     Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by
      the entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.

       Name of the Authority                 Brief of the case                      Corrective Action Taken


                                                      Not Applicable




142
PRINCIPLE 8-BUSINESSES SHOULD PROMOTE INCLUSIVE GROWTH AND EQUITABLE DEVELOPMENT

                                                   Essential Indicators

1.   Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in
     the current financial year.
         Name and brief       SIA Notification   Date of      Whether conducted           Results             Relevant
         details of project   No.                notification by independent              communicated        Web link
                                                              external agency (Yes/       in public domain
                                                              No)                         (Yes/No)
                                                                None

2.   Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being
     undertaken by your entity.

     S. No          Name of          State           District          No. of Project    % of PAFs       Amounts paid
                    Project for                                        Affected          covered by      to PAFs in the
                    which R&R is                                       Families          R&R             FY (In INR)
                    ongoing                                            (PAFs)
                                                         Not Applicable

3.   Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

     OEM is committed to addressing critical community health challenges, including access to quality healthcare,
     early disease screening, reduction of high-risk pregnancies, prevention of anaemia and non-communicable
     diseases, and improvement of nutritional outcomes. Through the Ola Foundation, the Company works closely
     with communities in Krishnagiri district to strengthen healthcare systems, build community awareness, and
     create sustainable linkages with public health institutions.
     y      Strengthening Frontline Healthcare Systems: Field Associates collaborate closely with frontline health
            workers, including ASHAs, ANMs, and Anganwadi Workers, to enhance service delivery. Their efforts
            include supporting health camps, identifying high-risk cases, facilitating timely referrals, and promoting
            the effective use of health data to improve community health outcomes.
     y      Promoting Community Awareness and Healthcare Access: The Company actively engages communities
            through awareness programs focused on nutrition, anaemia, maternal health, menstrual hygiene, and
            non-communicable diseases. These initiatives are conducted through platforms such as Village Health,
            Sanitation and Nutrition Days, Self-Help Groups (SHGs), patient support groups, and other community
            forums. Additionally, the MotoAarogyam initiative leverages technology-enabled healthcare solutions
            integrated with electric mobility to improve access to basic health services in underserved regions.
     y      Creating Sustainable Community Impact: By fostering collaboration between healthcare systems and
            local communities, the Company aims to build a more inclusive, responsive, and sustainable healthcare
            ecosystem. Through continuous engagement and support, these initiatives help bridge gaps in healthcare
            access and contribute to long-term improvements in community wellbeing

4.   Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:

                                                                                        2026                      2025
     Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers                                        13%                       41%

     Directly from within India                                                          73%                       86%




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             143
5.    Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers
      employed on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage
      cost.

       Location                                                                       FY 2025-26      FY 2024-25*
       Rural                                                                                 0%                   0%

       Semi-urban                                                                         13.19%               8.22%

       Urban                                                                              16.80%                 34%

       Metropolitan                                                                       70.01%               57.78%

      * The data of FY24-25 has been updated based on the latest available records.

      (Place to be categorized as per RBI Classification System – rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)




144
PRINCIPLE 9- BUSINESSES SHOULD ENGAGE WITH AND PROVIDE VALUE TO THEIR CONSUMERS IN A RESPONSIBLE
MANNER

                                                 Essential Indicators

1.   Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.

     We offer customers several channels to raise complaints and seek assistance.

     i. Customer Application (C-App)

       y Customers can use the dedicated C-App to log support requests and report issues.

       y The application enables efficient tracking and resolution of customer concerns.

       y Information submitted through the app, such as order details, issue descriptions, location, and nearest
         service center, is captured and managed through Salesforce, our customer relationship management
         (CRM) platform.

     ii. Alternative Support Channels In addition to the C-App, customers may contact us through other support
          channels, including:

       y Customer Service Helpline: For direct assistance and issue resolution over the phone.

       y Email Support: A publicly available email address for customer queries, feedback, and complaints.

     iii. Benefits

       y Multiple Points of Contact: Customers can choose from various communication channels based on their
         preference and convenience.

       y Insight-Driven Service Improvement: Customer data and feedback captured through Salesforce are
         analyzed to identify trends and improve service quality.

       y Enhanced Accessibility: The availability of phone and email support ensures that assistance remains
         accessible to customers with different communication preferences.

2.   Turnover of products and/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry
     information about:

                                                                             As a percentage to total turnover
      Environmental and social parameters relevant to the                                                    NA
      product

      Safe and responsible usage                                                                             NA

      Recycling and/or safe disposal                                                                         NA




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            145
3.    Number of consumer complaints
                                 FYin2026
                                      respect of the following:
                                                          Remarks                     FY 2025                   Remarks
                                  Received         Pending                      Received            Pending
                                 during the    resolution at                   during the       resolution at
                                      year      end of year                         year         end of year
          Data privacy                     0               0                                0              0

          Advertising                      0               0                                1              1

          Cyber-security                   0               0                                0              0

          Delivery of                      0               0                                0              0
          essential services
          Restrictive Trade                0               0                                0              0
          Practices
          Unfair Trade                     0               0                                0              0
          Practices
          Others                         NA              NA            NA              NA                 NA          NA




4.    Details of instances of product recalls on accounts of safety issues.

                                                                                Number                 Reasons for recall


       Voluntary recalls                                                              Nil                             NA

       Forced recalls                                                                 Nil                             NA



5.    Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No).

      If available, provide a web-link of the policy.

      Yes. Web link: https://www.olaelectric.com/s1/privacy

      y      ISO 27001 Certification: Ola Electric has held ISO 27001 certification, a recognized international standard
             for information security management systems. This ongoing certification signifies the company's
             adherence to rigorous information security best practices.

      y      Regular Audits: In addition to the initial certification process, Ola Electric undergoes annual internal
             audits to identify and address any potential vulnerabilities in its cybersecurity measures.

6.    Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising and delivery
      of essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product
      recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
      Not Applicable

7.    Provide the following information relating to data breaches:

      a.Number of instances of data breaches – Nil

      b.Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customer) – Nil

      c.Impact, if any, of the data breaches – Nil




146
CONSOLIDATED
Financial Statements




                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   147
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the Members of
Ola Electric Mobility Limited


REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


OPINION                                                      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
We have audited the consolidated financial statements        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
of Ola Electric Mobility Limited (hereinafter referred to    professional judgment, were of most significance in
as the “Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (Holding      our audit of the consolidated financial statements of
Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the    the current period. These matters were addressed in
Group”), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet       the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
as at 31 March 2026, and the consolidated statement          statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
of profit and loss (including other comprehensive            thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
income), consolidated statement of changes in equity         these matters.
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policies and
other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to
as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid
consolidated financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the
manner so required and give a true and fair view in
conformity with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of
the Group as at 31 March 2026, of its consolidated loss
and other comprehensive loss, consolidated changes
in equity and consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended.




BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group
in accordance with the ethical requirements that are
relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial
statements in terms of the Code of Ethics issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
and the relevant provisions of the Act, and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with these requirements. We believe that the audit
evidence obtained by us, is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements.


148
THE APPROPRIATENESS OF MANAGEMENT’S USE OF THE GOING
CONCERN BASIS OF ACCOUNTING
See Note 2.6 to consolidated financial statements



The key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Management and Board of Directors of the                In view of the significance of the matter, we applied
Holding Company have evaluated the Group’s ability to       the following audit procedures in this area, amongst
continue as a going concern in the foreseeable future.      others, to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
This is based on various factors including, inter alia,
                                                            y Evaluated the design and implementation and
past history of losses projections of future operating
                                                              tested operating effectiveness of relevant controls
cash flows, available credit limits with banks, available
                                                              over the Group’s forecasting process.
cash and bank balances and its ability to raise funds.
                                                            y Obtained an understanding of the estimates and
The Group has accumulated losses as at 31 March               judgements made by the Management in preparing
2026 and has incurred losses and has cash outflows            the cash flow projections for next fifteen months
for operations during the year. These events and              from the end of the reporting period. Tested the
conditions require the Group to consider mitigating           underlying data and evaluating reasonableness
circumstances in support of Group’s ability to                of the assumptions used. For this, we compared
continue as a going concern.                                  the estimates with the industry reports. We
The Group has used certain estimates and judgements           also assessed consistency thereof with our
to forecast its future cash requirement and its ability       expectations based on our understanding of the
to generate future cash flows on a timely basis. These        Group’s business.
estimates and judgements include industry growth            y Compared the assumptions used in the forecasted
rate, projected market share of the Group, improved           statement of profit and loss and cash flows for the
gross margins, launch of new products and expected            fifteen months period ending 30 June 2027 with
operational efficiencies. The Group also proposes to          the Group’s business plan approved by the Board
raise additional funds through a qualified institutional      of Directors.
placement. These are fundamental for us to obtain
sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the         y Applied sensitivities on the forecasts by considering
appropriateness of the use of the going concern basis         plausible changes to the key assumptions used in
of accounting.                                                the business plan.

The Group has relied on existing liquidity, sufficient      y Assessed the reliability of the cash flow forecasts
future operating cash flows and ability to raise funds        through a retrospective analysis of actual
to prepare the consolidated financial statements on a         performance subsequent to year-end in comparison
going concern basis. Due to the judgement involved in         to budgets.
this assessment made by the Management and Board
of Directors, we have identified the appropriateness        y Assessed the subsequent funding plan considered
of management’s use of the going concern basis of             by the Management and evaluated adequacy of
accounting as a key audit matterr.                            projected sources of funds, for fulfilling obligations of
                                                              the Group.
                                                            y Assessed the adequacy of related disclosures in the
                                                              consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             149
PROVISION FOR WARRANTY
See Note 3.11 and 17 to consolidated financial statements



The key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group provides warranty for sale of its products.       In view of the significance of the matter we applied
Total provision for warranty, which relates to the          the following audit procedures in this area to obtain
automotive segment was INR 168 crores as at 31              sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
March 2026.
                                                            y Assessed the design, implementation and
A warranty reserve is accrued based on management’s
                                                              operating effectiveness of key internal financial
best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace
                                                              controls related to estimate of warranty provision;
items under warranty. These estimates are based on
actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the       y Performed substantive testing for the
nature, frequency and costs of future claims.                 warranty claims incurred during the year using
                                                              statistical sampling and tested underlying
Provision for warranty is created based on                    supporting documents;
management’s estimates and judgement.
                                                            y Tested arithmetical accuracy of the warranty
The estimate includes various assumptions and                 provision model prepared by the Company and
judgements in the areas of:                                   evaluated the appropriateness of underlying
i.    future failure rates of various components              historical data (sales volume) and future
                                                              assumptions (failure rates and , expected cost of
ii.	expected cost of repairs of various components,          repairs) with reference to past performances;
The provision for warranty is considered as a key audit     y Obtained representation from the management on
matter due to the significant judgments and estimates         various assumptions and judgement used in the
required in determining the key assumptions.                  valuation of warranty.


IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND
INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT
See Note 3.4 and 6 to consolidated financial statements


The key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group has significant intangible assets and             In view of the significance of the matter we applied the
intangible asset under development aggregating              following audit procedures in this area, among others to
₨ 1,030 crores which is mandatorily tested for              obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
impairment at least on an annual basis.                     y Assessed the design and implementation and tested
                                                               operating effectiveness of key internal financial
For the purpose of the impairment test, the Group
                                                               controls around the assessment of impairment
determines recoverable value of Cash Generating Units
                                                               of intangible assets and intangible asset under
(CGUs) which is the higher of Value In Use (VIU) or Fair
                                                               development including determination of key estimates;
Value Less Cost of Disposal (FVLCD) and compares it to
their carrying value. The recoverable value is dependent    y Compared the cash flow forecast used in
on certain assumptions and estimates of future                 management’s impairment assessment with the
performance such as projected future cash flows, revenue       business plan approved by the Board of Directors.
growth rates, discount rate and terminal growth rates and      Examined the key reasons for differences between
management’s plan for continuation of the projects.            past cash flow projections and actual cash flows;
                                                            y Evaluated the reasonableness of the overall
This annual impairment test is considered to be
                                                               impairment model including mathematical accuracy
a key audit matter considering the significant
                                                               of calculations, and together with the help of our
estimates and judgements required in determining
                                                               valuation specialist, tested the underlying assumptions
the key assumptions.
                                                               used by management such as projected future cash


150
  flows, revenue growth rates, discount rate and terminal
  growth rates. We also inquired from key research and
  development personnel and commercial personnel
  to evaluate the appropriateness of assumptions used,
  management plans for continuation of projects and
  their assessment of feasibility of the projects;
y Performed sensitivity analysis on key assumptions
  used by the Company in computing recoverable value.
y Assessed the adequacy of disclosures made in the
  consolidated financial statements with respect to
  impairment losses, if any.




REVENUE RECOGNITION
See Note 3.5 and 21 to consolidated financial statements


The key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit
Revenue is recognized when the control of the               In view of the significance of the matter we applied the
underlying products has been transferred to the             following audit procedures in this area, among others
customer. Revenue is measured net of discount and any       to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
taxes or duties collected on behalf of the government.
                                                            y Assessed the appropriateness of the accounting
The Group and its external stakeholders focus on              policy for revenue recognition as per relevant Indian
revenue as a key performance metric. Revenue                  accounting standard.
recognition has been identified as a key audit matter as
                                                            y Obtained an understanding of the systems,
there could be incentives or external pressures to meet
                                                              processes and controls implemented by the Group
expectations resulting in revenue being overstated or
                                                              for recognition of revenue.
recognized before the control has been transferred
especially for sale transactions occurring near the         y Evaluated the design and implementation of key
year end.                                                     internal financial controls with respect to revenue
                                                              recognition and tested the operating effectiveness
                                                              of such controls including Group’s general IT controls
                                                              and key IT/manual application controls by involving
                                                              IT Specialists over the Group’s systems.
                                                            y Performed substantive testing by selecting statistical
                                                              samples of revenue transactions recorded during
                                                              the year by verifying the underlying documents i.e.,
                                                              sales invoices, proof of deliveries, and registration
                                                              details of the vehicles.
                                                            y We tested, on a sample basis, specific revenue
                                                              transactions recorded before and after the
                                                              financial year-end date to determine that revenue is
                                                              recognised in the financial period in which control
                                                              is transferred.
                                                            y We scrutinized journal entries posted to revenue
                                                              account, based upon specific risk-based criteria, to
                                                              identify unusual or irregular items.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             151
EXISTENCE OF INVENTORY OF FINISHED GOODS AT
PLANT AND STORES AND RAW MATERIALS AT STORES
See Note 3.15 and 11 to consolidated financial statements


The key audit matter                                       How the matter was addressed in our audit
The Group maintains inventory of finished goods and        In view of the significance of the matter we applied the
raw materials at various locations including plant and     following audit procedures in this area, among others
stores, which amounted to Rs 251 crores as at 31           to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
March 2026. Out of which, the Group did not carry out
                                                           y For inventory of finished goods located at the
physical verification of finished goods and raw material
                                                             plant and stores, we obtained a vehicle wise and
located at the stores and finished goods located at
                                                             store wise listing from management. For vehicles
plant amounting to Rs 153 crores, during the year
                                                             sold subsequently, we have tested sample basis
ended 31 March 2026, or at any subsequent date up to
                                                             monetary unit sampling by verifying the underlying
the date of the consolidated financial statements.
                                                             documents i.e. Vehicle Identification Number (VIN)
The finished goods inventory comprises electric two          from eVahan website, customer acknowledgment
wheelers and the raw material inventory comprise             copy and registration copy. For vehicles left unsold
bought out items transferred from the factory to             subsequently, for samples based on statistical
these locations for servicing / repairs / replacement        and specific sampling, we have carried out an
requests and sales of spare parts to the customers.          independent physical stock count at a subsequent
                                                             date to physically verify these.
We have identified existence of inventory pertaining to
finished goods and raw material at stores and finished     y For inventory of raw materials located at the
goods at plant as a key audit matter because we have         stores, for samples based on statistical and specific
expended significant time and attention in conducting        sampling, we conducted an independent physical
the independent physical counts and alternate                count on 01 April 2026.
procedures for testing the existence of finished goods
                                                           y We have communicated the above matters, in
and raw materials as at 31 March 2026
                                                             respect of verification of inventory of finished goods
                                                             at plant and stores and raw materials at stores, to
                                                             those charged with governance.




152
OTHER INFORMATION
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of                In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
Directors are responsible for the other information. The     statements, our responsibility is to read the other
other information comprises the information included         information identified above when it becomes available
in the Annual report, but does not include the financial     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
statements and auditor’s report thereon. The Annual          is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
report is expected to be made available to us after the      statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
date of this auditor’s report.                               otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
does not cover the other information and we will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




                                                             In preparing the consolidated financial statements,
MANAGEMENT’S AND BOARD OF                                    the respective Management and Board of Directors of
DIRECTOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR                              the companies are responsible for assessing the abilty
                                                             of each company to continue as a going concern,
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL                                   disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
STATEMENTS                                                   concem and using the going concem basis of
                                                             accounting unless the respective Board of Directors
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of
                                                             either intends to liquidate the company or to cease
Directors are responsible for the preparation and
                                                             operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
presentation of these consolidated financial statements
in term of the requirements of the Act that give             The respective Board of Directors of the companies
a true and fair view of the consolidated state of affairs,   are responsible for overseeing the financial reporting
consolidated profit loss and other comprehensive             process of each company.
income, consolidated statement of changes in
equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group in           AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR
accordance with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting
                                                             THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
the Act. The respective Management and Board of
Directors of the companies included in the Group are         Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting           about whether the consolidated financial statements
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act         as a whole are free from material misstatement,
for safeguarding the assets of each company and for          whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities;    report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
the selection and application of appropriate                 is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates          that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will
that are reasonable and prudent; and the design,             always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
implementation and maintenance of adequate intemal           Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
financial controls, that were operating effectively          considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the            they could reasonably be expected to influence the
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and          economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
presentation of the consolidated financial statements        these consolidated financial statements.
that give a true and fair view and are free from
                                                             As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
‘material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
                                                             professional judgment and maintain professional
which have been used for the purpose of preparation
                                                             skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
of the consolidated financial statements by the
Management and Board of Directors of the Holding
Company, as aforesaid.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             153
y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement     We also provide those charged with governance with
  of    the    consolidated      financial    statements,    a statement that we have complied with relevant
  whether due to fraud or error, design and perform          ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
  audit procedures responsive to those risks, and            communicate with them all relationships and other
  obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate   matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
  to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of            our independence, and where applicable, related
  not detecting a material misstatement resulting from       safeguards.
  fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
                                                             From the matters communicated with those charged
  as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
                                                             with governance, we determine those matters that
  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
                                                             were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated
  internal control.
                                                             financial statements of the current period and
y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant       are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
  to the audit in order to design audit procedures           these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
  that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under           regulation precludes public disclosure about the
  Section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible      matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
  for expressing our opinion on whether the company          determine that a matter should not be communicated
  has adequate internal financial controls with              in our report because the adverse consequences of
  reference to financial statements in place and the         doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
  operating effectiveness of such controls.                  public interest benefits of such communication.
y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting
  policies used and the reasonableness of accounting         OTHER MATTER
  estimates and related disclosures made by the
  Management and Board of Directors.                         The financial information of seven subsidiaries
                                                             incorporated outside India, whose financial information
y Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management          reflects total assets (before consolidation adjustments)
  and Board of Directors use of the going concern            of Rs. 363 crores as at 31 March 2026, total
  basis of accounting in preparation of consolidated         revenues (before consolidation adjustments) of
  financial statements and, based on the audit               Rs. Nil and net cash outflows (before consolidation
  evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty          adjustments) amounting to Rs. 16 crores for the
  exists related to events or conditions that may cast       year ended on that date, as considered in the
  significant doubt on the appropriateness of this           consolidated financial statements, have not been
  assumption. If we conclude that a material uncertainty     audited either by us or by other auditors. These
  exists, we are required to draw attention in our           unaudited financial information have been furnished
  auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the         to us by the Management and our opinion on the
  consolidated financial statements or, if such              consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates
  disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our     to the amounts and disclosures included in respect
  conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained       of these subsidiaries, and our report in terms of sub-
  up to the date of our auditor’s report. However,           section (3) of Section 143 of the Act in so far as it
  future events or conditions may cause the Group to         relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, is based solely on
  cease to continue as a going concern.                      such unaudited financial information. In our opinion
y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure               and according to the information and explanations
  and content of the consolidated financial                  given to us by the Management, these financial
  statements, including the disclosures, and whether         information are not material to the Group.
  the consolidated financial statements represent            Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements,
  the underlying transactions and events in a manner         and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory
  that achieves fair presentation.                           Requirements below, is not modified in respect of
                                                             this matter with respect to the financial information
We communicate with those charged with governance
                                                             certified by the Management.
of the Holding Company and such other entities
included in the consolidated financial statements of
which we are the independent auditors regarding,
among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
identify during our audit.



154
REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

1. 	As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report)                  statements of the Holding Company and its
     Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central                  subsidiary companies incorporated in India and
     Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of               the operating effectiveness of such controls,
     the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement                 refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”..
     on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
                                                             B.	With respect to the other matters to be included in
     the Order, to the extent applicable.
                                                                 the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
2A. 	As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report,       the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in
      to the extent applicable, that:                            our opinion and to the best of our information and
                                                                 according to the explanations given to us:
    a.	We have sought and obtained all the information
        and explanations which to the best of our                a.	The consolidated financial statements disclose
        knowledge         and       belief        were               the impact of pending litigations as at 31 March
        necessary for the purposes of our                            2026 on the consolidated financial position of
        audit of the aforesaid consolidated                          the Group. Refer Note 33 to the consolidated
        financial statements.                                        financial statements.
    b.	In our opinion, proper books of account as               b.	
                                                                    The Group did not have any material
        required by law have been kept so far as it                 foreseeable losses on long-term contracts
        appears from our examination of those books                 includingderivative contracts during the year
        except for the matters stated in the paragraph              ended 31 March 2026.
        2(B)(f) below on reporting under Rule 11(g)
                                                                 c.	There are no amounts which are required to
        of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)
                                                                     be transferred to the Investor Education and
        Rules, 2014.
                                                                     Protection Fund by the Holding Company or
    c.	
       The consolidated balance sheet, the                           its subsidiary companies incorporated in India
       consolidated statement of profit and loss                     during the year ended 31 March 2026.
       (including other comprehensive income), the
                                                                 d    (i) 	
                                                                           The      respective     management         of
       consolidated statement of changes in equity
                                                                           the     Holding     Company       and     its
       and the consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                                           subsidiary     companies      incorporated
       dealt with by this Report are in agreement with
                                                                           in India whose financial statements
       the relevant books of account maintained for
                                                                           have      been     audited    under     the
       the purpose of preparation of the consolidated
                                                                           Act have represented to us that,
       financial statements.
                                                                           to the best of their knowledge
    d.	
       In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated                          and belief, as disclosed in the
       financial statements comply with the Ind AS                         Note 46(a) to the consolidated
       specified under Section 133 of the Act.                             financial     statements,      no     funds
                                                                           have been advanced or loaned or
    e.	On the basis of the written representations
                                                                           invested     (either     from     borrowed
        received from the directors of the Holding
                                                                           funds or share premium or any
        Company        and     subsidiary    companies
                                                                           other sources or kind of funds) by
        incorporated in India on 01 April 2026 taken
                                                                           the Holding Company or any of
        on record by the Board of Directors of the
                                                                           such subsidiary companies to or in any
        Holding Company and subsidiary companies
                                                                           other person(s) or entity(ies), including
        incorporated in India, none of the directors
                                                                           foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with
        of the Holding company and subsidiary
                                                                           the understanding, whether recorded
        companies incorporated in India is disqualified
                                                                           in writing or otherwise, that the
        as on 31 March 2026 from being appointed as
                                                                           Intermediary shall directly or indirectly
        a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
                                                                           lend or invest in other persons or entities
    f.	The modification relating to the maintenance                       identified in any manner whatsoever by
        of accounts and other matters connected                            or on behalf of the Holding Company
        therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2A(b)                     or any of such subsidiary companies
        above on reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of                      (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) Beneficiaries.
        the Act and paragraph 2B(f) below on reporting
                                                             		 (ii)	
                                                                     The     respective    management      of
        under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and
                                                                     the    Holding     Company    and    its
        Auditors) Rules, 2014.
                                                                     subsidiary   companies     incorporated
    g.	With respect to the adequacy of the internal                 in India whose financial statements
        financial controls with reference to financial               have been audited under the Act have


                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              155
              represented to us that, to the best             y In case of accounting software used for
              of their knowledge and belief, other              maintaining details relating to revenue
              than as disclosed in the Note 44 to the           for Holding company and its subsidiary
              consolidated      financial     statements,       companies incorporated in India (as
              no funds have been received by the                applicable), the feature of recording audit
              Holding Company or any of such                    trail (edit log) facility was not enabled at
              subsidiary     companies       from     any       databased level to log direct data changes
              person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
                                                              y In    case     of   accounting     softwares
              entities (“Funding Parties”), with the
                                                                used        for      maintaining       details
              understanding, whether recorded in
                                                                relating to payroll and after sales
              writing or otherwise, that the Holding
                                                                service for Holding company and its
              Company or any of such subsidiary
                                                                subsidiary      companies       incorporated
              companies shall directly or indirectly,
                                                                in India (as applicable), in absence of
              lend or invest in other persons or entities
                                                                independent auditor’s report in relation
              identified in any manner whatsoever
                                                                to controls at the third-party service
              by or on behalf of the Funding Parties
                                                                provider, we are unable to comment whether
              (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any
                                                                audit trail feature was enabled at database
              guarantee, security or the like on behalf of
                                                                level (to log any direct data changes) and
              the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
                                                                operated throughout the year for all relevant
		        (iii)	
                Based on the audit procedures that              transactions recorded in the software.
                have been considered reasonable and
                appropriate in the circumstances, nothing       Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility
                has come to our notice that has caused us       was enabled and operated for the respective
                to believe that the representations under       accounting softwares throughout the year,
                sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as       we did not come across any instance of
                provided under (i) and (ii) above, contain      audit trail feature being tampered with.
                any material misstatement.
                                                                Additionally, except where the audit trail
      e.	
         The Holding Company and its subsidiary
                                                                (edit log) facility was not enabled in the
         companies incorporated in India have neither
                                                                previous years, the audit trail has been
         declared nor paid any dividend during the year.
                                                                preserved by the Holding company and
      f.	
         Based      on    our    examination     which          its subsidiary companies incorporated in
         included test checks, except for the                   India as per the statutory requirements for
         instances mentioned below, the Holding                 record retention.
         Company and its subsidiary companies
         incorporated in India, have used accounting
         softwares for maintaining its books of
         account, which have a feature of recording
         audit trail (edit log) facility and the same
         has operated throughout the year for
         all relevant transactions recorded in the
         respective softwares:
          y In case of accounting software used for
            maintaining details relating to general
            ledger for Holding company and its
            subsidiary companies incorporated in India,
            the feature of recording audit trail (edit log)
            facility was not enabled at database level
            to log any direct data changes. Further, the
            audit trail (edit log) has not been enabled
            for direct data changes performed by users
            having privileged access at application level.




156
C.	With respect to the matter to be included in the                                                   For B S R & Co. LLP
    Auditor’s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:                                            Chartered Accountants
                                                                             Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
	In our opinion and according to the information
  and explanations given to us the remuneration paid                                                    Umang Banka
  during the current year by the Holding Company                                                               Partner
  and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India                                           Membership No.: 223018
  to its directors is in accordance with the provisions                                ICAI UDIN:26223018YFCVTA7752
  of Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration paid        Place: Bengaluru
  to any director by the Holding Company and its          Date: 20 May 2026
  subsidiary companies incorporated in India is not in
  excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of
  the Act. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not
  prescribed other details under Section 197(16) of
  the Act which are required to be commented upon
  by us.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                157
Annexure A
to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Consolidated Financial Statements of Ola Electric
Mobility Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of
even date)
(xxi)	In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, following companies incorporated
      in India and included in the consolidated financial statements, have unfavourable remarks, qualification or
      adverse remarks given by the respective auditors in their reports under the Companies (Auditor’s Report)
      Order, 2020 (CARO):

                                                                    Holding                 Clause number of the
      Sl.                                                           Company/Sub             CARO report which
          Name of the entities         CIN
      No.                                                           sidiary/ JV/            is unfavourable or
                                                                    Associate               qualified or adverse
      1.   Ola Electric Mobility       L74999KA2017PLC099619        Holding                 xiv, xvii, xix
           Limited                                                  Company
      2.   Ola Electric                U34300KA2021PTC142884        Subsidiary Company      ii(a), ii(b) vii(a),
           Technologies Private                                                             xi(a), xi(b), xiv,
           Limited                                                                          xvii, xix
      3.   Ola Cell                    U31900KA2022PTC163344        Subsidiary Company      vii(a), xiv, xvii,
           Technologies Private                                                             xix
           Limited
      4.   Ola Electric Charging       U31200KA2021PTC155790        Subsidiary Company      xvii, xix
           Private Limited

                                                                                                      For B S R & Co. LLP
                                                                                                 Chartered Accountants
                                                                            Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022

                                                                                                        Umang Banka
                                                                                                               Partner
                                                                                               Membership No.: 223018
                                                                                      ICAI UDIN: 26223018YFCVTA7752
      Place: Bengaluru
      Date: 20 May 2026




158
Annexure B
to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the consolidated financial statements
of Ola Electric Mobility Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026
Report on the internal financial controls with reference    inventories, cost of materials consumed and change in
to the aforesaid consolidated financial statements          inventories of finished goods, stock-in trade and work-
under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of         in-progress account balances.
the Act
                                                            A ‘material weakness’ is a deficiency, or a combination
                                                            of deficiencies, in internal financial control over financial
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under ‘Report on
                                                            reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of
                                                            that a material misstatement of the company’s annual
our report of even date)
                                                            or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
QUALIFIED OPINION                                           detected on a timely basis.
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated
                                                            MANAGEMENT’S AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS’
financial statements of Ola Electric Mobility Limited
                                                            RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INTERNAL FINANCIAL
(hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”)
                                                            CONTROLS
as of and for the year ended 31 March 2026, we have
audited the internal financial controls with reference      The respective Company’s Management and the
to financial statements of the Holding Company and          Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and
such companies incorporated in India under the Act          maintaining internal financial controls based on the
which are its subsidiary companies, as of that date.        internal financial controls with reference to financial
                                                            statements criteria established by the respective
In our opinion, except for the possible effects of the      company considering the essential components of
material weakness described below in the Basis for          internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These
Qualified Opinion section of our report on the              responsibilities include the design, implementation and
achievement of the objectives of the control criteria       maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that
in respect of one of the wholly owned subsidiary            were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and
companies, the Holding Company and such companies           efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to
incorporated in India which are its subsidiary              the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of
companies have maintained, in all material respects,        its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and
adequate internal financial controls with reference to      errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
consolidated financial statements and such internal         records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
financial controls with reference to consolidated           information, as required under the Act.
financial statements were operating effectively as at
31 March 2026, based on the internal financial              AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY
controls with reference to financial statements criteria
                                                            Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
established by such companies considering the essential
                                                            internal financial controls with reference to financial
components of such internal controls stated in the
                                                            statements based on our audit. We conducted our
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls
                                                            audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of
                                                            Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section
Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).
                                                            143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit
We have considered the material weakness identified         of internal financial controls with reference to financial
and reported below in determining the nature,               statements. Those Standards and the Guidance
timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit      Note require that we comply with ethical requirements
of the consolidated financial statements of the Group       and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
as at 31 March 2026, and such material weakness does        assurance about whether adequate internal financial
not affect our opinion on the consolidated financial        controls with reference to financial statements were
statements of the Group.                                    established and maintained and if such controls
                                                            operated effectively in all material respects.
BASIS FOR QUALIFIED OPINION
                                                            Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain
According to the information and explanations given to us   audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal
and based on our audit, the following material weakness     financial controls with reference to financial statements
has been identified as at 31 March 2026 in respect of       and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of
one of the wholly owned subsidiary companies:               internal financial controls with reference to financial
Such subsidiary company did not have an appropriate         statements included obtaining an understanding of
internal control system for physical verification           internal financial controls with reference to financial
of finished goods located at its plant and stores and raw   statements, assessing the risk that a material
material located at its stores which could potentially      weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the
result in material misstatements in the Group’s             design and operating effectiveness of internal control


                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              159
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected           INHERENT LIMITATIONS OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the              CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO FINANCIAL
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of           STATEMENTS
the consolidated financial statements, whether due            Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
to fraud or error.                                            controls with reference to financial statements, including
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained           the possibility of collusion or improper management
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for          override of controls, material misstatements due to
our qualified audit opinion on the internal financial         error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also,
controls with reference to financial statements.              projections of any evaluation of the internal financial
                                                              controls with reference to financial statements to future
MEANING OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH                   periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial
REFERENCE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                             controls with reference to financial statements may
                                                              become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
A company’s internal financial controls with reference
                                                              or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
to financial statements is a process designed to provide
                                                              procedures may deteriorate.
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                                                                                           For B S R & Co. LLP
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
                                                                                                      Chartered Accountants
financial controls with reference to financial statements
                                                                                 Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022
include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
                                                                                                             Umang Banka
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions                                                              Partner
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)                                                  Membership No.: 223018
provide reasonable assurance that transactions                                             ICAI UDIN: 26223018YFCVTA7752
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of            Place: Bengaluru
financial statements in accordance with generally             Date: 20 May 2026
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorisations of management and
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements.




160
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
All amounts are in INR Crores unless otherwise stated


Particulars                                             Notes             As at             As at
                                                                March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
ASSETS
Non-current assets
    (a) Property, plant and equipment                    4A             1,956             2,050
    (b) Capital work-in-progress                         4B               496               254
    (c) Right-of-use assets                               5               357               581
    (d) Goodwill                                         6A                 9                 9
    (e) Other intangible assets                          6A               459               514
    (f) Intangible assets under development              6B               571               448
    (g) Financial assets
		       (i) Investments                                 7                  -                38
		        (ii) Other financial assets                    8                176               216
    (h) Deferred tax assets (net)                        40                 -                 -
    (i) Other tax assets (net)                            9                19                23
    (j) Other non-current assets                         10               494               281
Total non-current assets                                                4,537             4,414
Current assets
    (a) Inventories                                      11               269                784
    (b) Financial assets
		       (i) Investments                                 7                  -                 2
		       (ii) Trade receivables                          12                31                 9
		       (iii) Cash and cash equivalents                 13               421               339
		       (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above       13             1,121             3,177
		       (v) Other financial assets                       8               402             1,363
    (c) Other current assets                             10             1,007               987
Total current assets                                                    3,251             6,661
Total assets                                                            7,788            11,075




                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              161
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
All amounts are in INR Crores unless otherwise stated

Particulars                                                                       Notes               As at             As at
                                                                                            March 31, 2026    March 31, 2025
Equity and Liabilities
Equity
    (a) Equity share capital                                                       14A               4,411            4,411
    (b) Other equity                                                               14B
		        (i) Reserves and Surplus                                                                  (1,045)             726
		        (ii) Items of other comprehensive income                                                     (15)               6
Total equity                                                                                         3,351            5,143
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
    (a) Financial liabilities
		        (i) Borrowings                                                            16               1,188            1,724
		        (ii) Lease liabilities                                                    15                 173              313
    (b) Provisions                                                                  17                  73              191
    (c) Other non- current liabilities                                              20                 154              150
Total non-current liabilities                                                                        1,588            2,378
Current liabilities:
    (a) Financial liabilities
		        (i) Borrowings                                                            16               1,288            1,319
		        (ii) Lease liabilities                                                    15                 114              200
		        (iii) Trade payables
			              (A) Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small         18                  116             142
                      enterprises; and
			              (B)	Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro          18                  563             809
                      enterprises and small enterprises
		        (iv) Other financial liabilities                                          19                 530              644
    (b) Other current liabilities                                                   20                 121              266
    (c) Provisions                                                                  17                 117              174
Total current liabilities                                                                            2,849            3,554
Total liabilities                                                                                    4,437            5,932
Total equity and liabilities                                                                         7,788           11,075

Material accounting policies                                                         3
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                     Bhavish Aggarwal                   Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                         Chairman and Managing Director     Director
Membership No.: 223018                          DIN: 03287473                      DIN : 01338477

                                                Place: Bengaluru                   Place: Bengaluru
                                                Date: 20 May 2026                  Date: 20 May 2026

                                                Abhishek Jain                      Deepak Rastogi
                                                Company Secretary                  Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                                Place : Bengaluru                  Place : Bengaluru
Date : 20 May 2026                              Date : 20 May 2026                 Date : 20 May 2026

162
Consolidated Profit and Loss Statement
as at March 31, 2026
CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
All amounts are in INR Crores unless otherwise stated


      Particulars                                                                        Notes   For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                     31 March 2026        31 March 2025
     Income
I    Revenue from operations                                                              21                2,253                4,514
II   Other income                                                                         22                  207                  418
III  Total income (I+II)                                                                                    2,460                4,932
IV   Expenses
     Cost of materials consumed                                                           23                1,302                3,600
     Purchase of Stock-in-trade                                                           24                   50                   99
     Change in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-                 25                  211                    9
     progress
     Employee benefits expense                                                            26                  294                  463
     Other expenses                                                                       29                1,388                2,082
     Total expenses (IV)                                                                                    3,245                6,253
V    Loss before finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and tax expense                                   (785)              (1,321)
     Finance costs                                                                        27                  360                  366
     Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                28                  684                  566
VI Loss before Exceptional items and tax                                                                   (1,829)              (2,253)
      Exceptional items                                                                   30                    -                   23
VII Loss before tax                                                                                        (1,829)              (2,276)
VIII Tax expense
     (1) Current tax                                                                      40                    4                    -
     (2) Deferred tax                                                                     40                    -                    -
     Total tax expense (1+2)                                                                                    4                    -
IX Loss for the year (VII-VIII)                                                                            (1,833)              (2,276)
X     Other comprehensive income/ (loss)
     (A) Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
     (i) Remeasurements of defined benefit liability                                      34                     6                  12
     (ii) Fair value changes on equity investments through OCI                             7                   (38)                  -
     (ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                                               -
     B. Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
     (i) Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign        14B                   17                     5
           operations
     (ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss                              -                    -
     Other comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year, net of tax (A+B)                                        (15)                  17
     Total comprehensive loss for the year (IX+X)                                                          (1,848)              (2,259)
     Loss for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                                                 (1,833)              (2,276)
     Other comprehensive income/ (loss) for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                                                     (15)                 17
XI Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                                                 (1,848)              (2,259)
XII Earnings per equity share (face value of ₨ 10 each)                                   38
     (1) Basic Earnings per equity share                                                                    (4.16)               (5.48)
     (2) Diluted Earnings per equity share (i.e. anti-dilutive)                                             (4.16)               (5.48)


Material accounting policies                                                        3
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    163
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (Contd.)
for the year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated
As per our report of even date attached    for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                        Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                Bhavish Aggarwal               Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                    Chairman and Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 223018                     DIN: 03287473                  DIN : 01338477

                                           Place: Bengaluru                    Place: Bengaluru
                                           Date : 20 May 2026                  Date : 20 May 2026

                                           Abhishek Jain                       Deepak Rastogi
                                           Company Secretary                   Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                           Place : Bengaluru                   Place : Bengaluru
Date : 20 May 2026                         Date : 20 May 2026                  Date : 20 May 2026




164
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                       All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated
A    (a) Equity share capital
         As at 1 April 2024                                                                                                  1,955
         Issue of shares during the year (refer note 14A and 44)                                                               724
         Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14A(b)(ii))                                    1,732
         Balance as at 31 March 2025                                                                                         4,411
         Balance as at 31 March 2026                                                                                         4,411
     (b) Instruments entirely equity in nature - Compulsorily convertible preference shares (CCPS)
          As at 1 April 2024                                                                                                  2,973
          Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14A(b)(ii))                                   (2,973)
          Balance as at 31 March 2025                                                                                             -
          Balance as at 31 March 2026                                                                                             -


B    Other equity

                                                                                               Items of other
                                                         Reserves and surplus               comprehensive income
                                                                                               Exchange
                                                                                             differences
Particulars                                                                                on translating
                                                                   Share                    the financial
                                              Other              options                     statements         Equity
                                       components Securities outstanding    Retained           of foreign instruments         Total
                                          of equity premium     Account     earnings          operations through OCI         equity
As at 1 April 2024                            (27)       919         254        (4,056)                1                 -   (2,909)
Total comprehensive loss for the
year ended 31 March 2025
Loss for the year                               -           -          -        (2,276)                -                 -   (2,276)
Other comprehensive (loss)/                     -           -          -            12                 5                 -        17
income
Total comprehensive (loss)/income               -           -          -        (2,264)                5                 -   (2,259)
Contributions by and distributions
to owners
Equity-settled share-based                      -           -         41               -                -                -        41
payments (refer note 41)
Exercise of share options through               -        121        (121)              -                -                -           -
OEM Employee Welfare Trust
Conversion of compulsorily                    27       1,241           -           (27)                 -                -    1,241
convertible preference shares (refer
note 14A(b)(ii))
Proceeds from issue of equity                   -      4,776           -               -                -                -    4,776
shares (refer note 14B and 44)
Employee discount on issue of                   -          1           -               -                -                -         1
equity shares
Transaction costs towards the issue             -      (159)           -               -                -                -     (159)
of equity shares
Balance as at 31 March 2025                     -      6,899         174        (6,347)                6                 -      732




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    165
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (Contd.)
for the year ended March 31, 2026


                                                                                               Items of other
                                                        Reserves and surplus                comprehensive income
                                                                                               Exchange
                                                                                             differences
Particulars                                                                                on translating
                                                                 Share                      the financial
                                            Other              options                       statements         Equity
                                     components Securities outstanding      Retained           of foreign instruments         Total
                                        of equity premium     Account       earnings          operations through OCI         equity
Balance as at 31 March 2025                   -       6,899         174        (6,347)                  6                -      732
Total comprehensive loss for the
year ended 31 March 2026
Loss for the year                              -           -           -       (1,833)              -                 -      (1,833)
Other comprehensive income                     -           -           -            6              17              (38)          (15)
Total comprehensive (loss) /                   -           -           -       (1,827)             17              (38)      (1,848)
income
Contributions by and distributions
to owners
Equity-settled share-based                     -           -          56            -               -                -            56
payments (refer note 41)
Exercise of share options through              -        105        (105)            -               -                -              -
OEM Employee Welfare Trust
Balance as at 31 March 2026                    -      7,004         125        (8,174)             23              (38)      (1,060)

Material accounting policies (refer note 3)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                  Bhavish Aggarwal                       Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                      Chairman and Managing Director         Director
Membership No.: 223018                       DIN: 03287473                          DIN : 01338477

                                             Place: Bengaluru                       Place: Bengaluru
                                             Date : 20 May 2026                     Date : 20 May 2026

                                             Abhishek Jain                          Deepak Rastogi
                                             Company Secretary                      Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                             Place : Bengaluru                      Place : Bengaluru
Date : 20 May 2026                           Date : 20 May 2026                     Date : 20 May 2026




166
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2026


                                                                                                            For the year       For the year
                                                                                                                  ended              ended
                                                                                                         31 March 2026      31 March 2025
A.   Cash flows from operating activities
     Loss before tax                                                                                             (1,829)            (2,276)
     Adjustments to reconcile loss before tax to net cash used in operating activities
     Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                           684               566
     Government incentive no longer recoverable                                                                        15                23
     Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment, net                                                                14                 4
     Impairment of intangible assets under development                                                                  -                20
     Provision no longer required written back, net                                                                     -               (16)
     Provision on security deposits                                                                                     2                  -
     Provision on receivables from government authorities                                                               1                 2
     Unrealized foreign exchange loss/(gain), net                                                                       1                 6
     Interest income                                                                                               (166)              (263)
     Gain on derecognition of leases liability                                                                       (17)                (2)
     Net gain on sale of mutual fund units                                                                              0                (1)
     Net loss due to fair valuation of mutual fund units                                                                0                 1
     Net loss / (gain) on financial assets / liabilities carried at fair value through profit and loss                (1)                 1
     Finance costs                                                                                                   360               366
     Grant income                                                                                                   (16)               (17)
     Equity settled share based expenses                                                                               46                35
     Operating loss before working capital changes                                                                 (906)            (1,551)
     Movement in inventories                                                                                         515                (90)
     Movement in other financial assets                                                                              464              (132)
     Movement in trade receivables                                                                                   (22)              149
     Movement in other assets                                                                                      (231)              (217)
     Movement in trade payables                                                                                    (267)              (399)
     Movement in other financial liabilities                                                                         (24)             (189)
     Movement in other liabilities and provisions                                                                  (304)                 48
     Cash used in operating activities                                                                             (775)             (2381)
     Income tax paid                                                                                                  (0)               (10)
     Net cash used in operating activities (A)                                                                     (775)            (2,391)
B.   Cash flows from investing activities
     Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                                  (526)              (662)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                            1                 1
     Acquisition of intangible assets                                                                                 (1)                (2)
     Development expenditure on internally generated intangible assets                                             (191)              (313)
     Payment of purchase consideration on business combination                                                       (35)               (28)
     Proceeds from sale of mutual fund units                                                                            2                26
     Purchase of mutual fund units                                                                                      -                (2)
     Proceeds from interest bearing deposits                                                                       7,587             7,381
     Investment in interest bearing deposits                                                                     (5,076)            (9,484)
     Interest received                                                                                               215               205
     Grant received                                                                                                    26                14
     Net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities (B)                                                 2,002             (2,864)
C.   Cash flows from financing activities
     Proceeds from issue of equity share capital (refer note 14)                                                       -             5,500
     Transaction costs related to issue of share capital                                                               -              (159)
     Payment of lease liabilities (including interest)                                                             (228)              (153)
     Proceeds from issue of debentures (refer note 16)                                                                 -               200
     Transaction costs related to issue of debentures                                                                  -                (2)
     Payment to debenture holders                                                                                  (251)               (41)
     Proceeds from non-current borrowings                                                                            380               507
     Payment of non-current borrowings                                                                             (253)               (53)


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    167
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Contd.)
for the year ended March 31, 2026                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                                 For the year       For the year
                                                                                                                       ended              ended
                                                                                                              31 March 2026      31 March 2025
      Payment of current borrowings, net                                                                                (506)               (23)
      Interest paid                                                                                                     (343)              (347)
      Net cash (used in) / generated from financing activities (C)                                                    (1,201)             5,429
      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)                                                                    26               174
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                               62             (112)
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                     88                62
      Components of cash and cash equivalents (refer note 13)
      Balance with Banks
      In current accounts                                                                                                  59                94
      In deposit accounts (with original maturity of less than 3 months)                                                  362               245
      Cash in hand                                                                                                          0                 0
                                                                                                                          421               339
      Bank overdrafts repayable on demand and used for cash management purposes (refer                                  (333)              (277)
      note 16)
      Cash and cash equivalents in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 		                                              88                62


Reconciliation of financial liabilities forming part of financing activities in accordance with IND AS 7:


Particulars                                                As at          Cash flows                              Non Cash                As at
                                                   1 April 2025            principal           Interest**          Changes       31 March 2026
Non-Current Borrowings (including                         2,035                  (124)              (279)               286              1,918
current maturities of non current
borrowings)
Current Borrowings*                                         731                  (506)              (64)                 64                225
Lease liabilities                                           513                  (186)              (42)                  2                287
Total                                                     3,279                  (816)             (385)                352              2,430
Reconciliation of financial liabilities forming part of financing activities in accordance with Ind AS 7:

                                                           As at          Cash flows                              Non Cash                As at
Particulars
                                                   1 April 2024            principal           Interest**          Changes       31 March 2025
Non-Current Borrowings (including                         1,417                   611               (238)               245              2,035
current maturities of non current
borrowings)
Current Borrowings*                                         754                   (23)             (109)                109                731
Lease liabilities                                           321                  (122)              (31)                345                513
Total                                                     2,492                   466              (378)                699              3,279
*excluding bank overdraft   ** In relation to interest cost capitalised refer note 4A and 4B
The Group has elected to present cash flows from operating activities using the indirect method. Alternatively, an entity may
present operating cash flows using direct method

Material accounting policies (refer note 3)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022 Bhavish Aggarwal                        Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
                                          Chairman and Managing Director         Director
                                          DIN: 03287473                          DIN : 01338477
 Umang Banka                              Place: Bengaluru                       Place: Bengaluru
 Partner                                  Date : 20 May 2026                     Date : 20 May 2026
 Membership No.: 223018
                                          Abhishek Jain                           Deepak Rastogi
 Place: Bengaluru                         Company Secretary                      Chief Financial Officer
 Date: 20 May 2026                        Place: Bengaluru                       Place: Bengaluru
                                          Date : 20 May 2026                     Date : 20 May 2026
168
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
Ola Electric Mobility Limited (referred to as the “Holding Company” or “Ola Electric”), is a Company incorporated on
3 February 2017 under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The Company got listed on National
Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange on 09 August 2024. During the year ended 31 March 2025, the
Company has changed its registered office from Regent Insignia, #414, 3rd Floor, 4th Block 17th Main, 100 Feet Road
Koramangala, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560034 to Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward
No.67, Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore, Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 560095.
Ola Electric together with its subsidiaries (Collectively referred to as the ‘Group’) is an electric vehicle (EV)
manufacturer in India engaged in the development and production of EVs and core components including battery
packs, motors and vehicle frames through vertically integrated operations. It conducts in-house Research &
Development and it is building the Ola Gigafactory for cell production and energy storage solutions. The Company
sales its products through a direct-to-customer (D2C) network.
The Group comprises the following consolidated entities:
                                                                                        Principal Place of
                                                                                                                  % Shareholding
Name                                                                    Relationship    Business and place of
                                                                                                                as on 31 March 2026
                                                                                        incorporation
Ola Electric Technologies Private limited ("OET")                       Subsidiary      India                         100%
Ola Electric Charging Private Limited ("OEC")                           Subsidiary      India                         100%
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited ("OCT")                           Subsidiary      India                         100%
Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA ("OEM US")                              Subsidiary      USA                           100%
Ola Electric Mobility B.V., Netherlands ("OEM BV")                      Subsidiary      Netherlands                   100%
Etergo B.V., Netherlands* ("Etergo")                                    Subsidiary      Netherlands                   100%
Etergo Operations B.V., Netherlands**("Etergo ops")                     Subsidiary      Netherlands                   100%
Ola Electric UK Private Limited*                                        Subsidiary      United Kingdom                100%
Ola Electric Technologies B.V., Netherlands*                            Subsidiary      Netherlands                   100%
EIA Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited, China*                          Subsidiary      China                         100%
* Wholly owned subsidiary of Ola Electric Mobility B.V., Netherlands

** Wholly owned subsidiary of Etergo B.V., Netherlands



2. 	 BASIS OF PREPARATION                                             Etergo Operations B.V., Netherlands and, Ola Electric
                                                                       Technologies B.V., Netherlands is “Euro”, Ola Electric UK
2.1 STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE                                            Private Limited, United Kingdom is “GBP” and for EIA
The Consolidated financial statements have been                        Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited, China is “CNY”.
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting                          These Consolidated Financial Statements are presented
Standards (Ind AS) as per the Companies (Indian                        in INR in crores, unless otherwise indicated. All amounts
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended from                     has been rounded off to the nearest crores, unless
time to time notified under Section 133 of the Companies               otherwise indicated.”0” refers to amount less than INR
Act, 2013 (“Act”) and other relevant provisions of                     0.5 crore.
the Act.
                                                                       2.3 USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
The Consolidated Financial Statements were authorised
for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on 20                    The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
May 2026.                                                              in conformity with Ind AS requires management to
                                                                       make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect
Details of the Group’s accounting policies are included                the application of accounting policies and the reported
in Note 3.                                                             amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
                                                                       Actual results may differ from these estimates.
2.2 FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY                               Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
The functional currency of Ola Electric Mobility Limited,              an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited, Ola Electric                recognised prospectively.
Charging Private Limited and Ola Cell Technologies
Private Limited is Indian Rupees (“₨” or “INR”), for Ola               JUDGEMENTS
Electric Mobility Inc., USA. is United States Dollar (“$”              Information about judgements made in applying
or “USD”), for Ola Electric Mobility B.V, Etergo B.V.,                 accounting policies that have the most significant

                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                169
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

effects on the amounts recognised in the Consolidated            c) 	it is expected to be realised within 12 months after
Financial Statements is included in the notes:                        the reporting date; or
Note 3.3 Intangible assets: Key judgements whether               d) 	or it is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted
these meet the definition of an intangible asset, i.e;                from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for
identifiability, control over a resource and existence                at least 12 months after the reporting date.
of future economic benefits and it is probable that the
                                                                 Current assets include the current portion of non-
expected future economic benefits that are attributable
                                                                 current financial assets.
to the asset will flow to the entity and the cost of
the asset can be measured reliably; and Note 3.14 -              All other assets are classified as non-current.
Leases: whether an arrangement contains a lease and
lease classification.
                                                                 LIABILITIES
ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES
                                                                 A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of
Information about assumptions and estimation                     the following criteria:
uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in
a material adjustment in the amounts recognised in the           a)	 it is expected to be settled in the Group’s normal
Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended                   operating cycle; or
31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 are included in the              b)   it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded; or
following notes:
                                                                 c) 	it is due to be settled within 12 months after the
‘Note 3.1 Acquisition of Business: Fair value of assets               reporting date; or
acquired and liabilities assumed;
                                                                 d) 	the Group does not have an unconditional right
Note 3.2 and Note 3.3 - useful life of property, plant and            to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12
equipment and intangible assets; (refer notes 4 and 6)                months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability
Note 3.4 Impairment test of Goodwill and intangible                   that could, at the option of the counterparty, result
assets: key assumptions underlying recoverable                        in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments
amounts, including the recoverability of development                  do not affect its classification.
costs; (refer note 6)                                            	Current liabilities include current portion of non-
Note 3.4 Impairment test of financial assets: key                  current financial liabilities.
assumptions underlying recoverable amounts                            All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
Note 3.8 measurement of defined benefit obligations              OPERATING CYCLE
key actuarial assumptions; (refer note 34)
                                                                 Based on the time involved between the acquisition of
Note 3.8 determining the fair value of share options             assets for processing and their realization in cash and
(refer note 41)                                                  cash equivalents, the Company has identified twelve
Note 3.11 recognition and measurement of provisions              months as its operating cycle for determining current
and contingencies: key assumptions about the likelihood          and non current classification of assets and liabilities in
and magnitude of an outflow of resources; (refer notes           the balance sheet.
33 and 34)                                                       2.4 MEASUREMENT OF FAIR VALUES
Note 3.11 provision for product warranty (refer note 17)         A number of the Group’s accounting policies and
Note 3.15 determining the net realisable value (‘NRV’) of        disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for
inventories for determining lower of cost or NRV (refer          both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
note 11)                                                         The Group has an established control framework
                                                                 with respect to the measurement of fair values.
Current/ Non-current classification                              Significant valuation issues, if any, are reported to the
                                                                 Group’s Management.
ASSETS
                                                                 Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair
An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of
                                                                 value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation
the following criteria:
                                                                 techniques as follows:
a) 	it is expected to be realised in, or is intended for sale
                                                                 Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
     or consumption in, the Group’s normal operating
                                                                 for identical assets or liabilities. This category consists
     cycle; or
                                                                 of quoted equity share, quoted debt instruments and
b) 	it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded; or    mutual fund investments;


170
Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1      2.6 GOING CONCERN
that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly   ‘The Group has negative cash flow from operations during
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);        the year ended amounting to INR 775 crores (31 March
                                                                  2025: INR 2,391 crores), which is primarily on account
Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based     of continued operating losses and lower-than expected
on observable market data (unobservable inputs).                  growth in sales volume, which requires the Group to
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability,         consider mitigating circumstances, in order to support
the Group uses observable market data as far as                   its operations and meet its continuing obligations.
possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value
of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the      Accordingly, the Group’s management has carried out
fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement             an assessment of its going concern assumption and
is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the           it believes that the Group will be able to continue to
fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is            operate as a going concern for the foreseeable future
significant to the entire measurement.                            and meet all its liabilities as they fall due for payment.
                                                                  To arrive at such judgement, the management has
The Group recognises transfers between levels of the              considered a) available cash and bank balances; b)
fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting period           expected future operating cash flows of its material
during which the change has occurred.                             subsidiaries based on its business projections from
Further information about the assumptions made in                 expansion of its business operations, increase in
measuring fair values is included in the following notes:         gross margins, launch of new products, and expected
                                                                  operational efficiencies; c) available credit limits;
Note 3.8 - share-based payment transactions                       and d) ongoing discussions with investors/lenders to
Note 3.8 - defined benefit obligations                            secure additional funding from institutional investors.

Note 3.13 - financial instruments                                 The Shareholders’ of the Holding Company at their
Note 3.1 - assets          and    liabilities   acquired    on    meeting held on 22 August 2025, approved the
business combination                                              extension of the timeline for utilization of the Initial
                                                                  Public Offering (IPO) proceeds including reallocation
2.5 COST RECOGNITION POLICY                                       of utilization of the proceeds among Objects of the
                                                                  Prospectus and subsequently through a postal ballot on
Cost and expenses are recognised when incurred and
                                                                  22 April 2026 approved a further reallocation of such
are classified according to their nature. Expenditure
                                                                  proceeds among the Objects of the Prospectus from the
are capitalised, where appropriate, in accordance with
                                                                  IPO as below:
the policy for internally generated intangible assets
and represents employee costs, cost of material and
other expenses incurred for construction and product
development undertaken by the Group.


                                                                                            Net IPO proceeds
                                                                                             to be utilized as    Net IPO proceeds
                                                                                             per reallocation  to be utilized as per
                                                                                                 approved by reallocation approved
                                                                     Net IPO proceeds         shareholder in        by shareholder
                                                                   to be utilised as per    meeting dated 22 through postal ballot
Sl No    Object of IPO		                                                    prospectus           August 2025   dated 22 April 2026

1        Capital expenditure to be incurred by our Subsidiary,                    1,228                     -                      -
         Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited for expansion
         of the capacity of cell manufacturing plant from 5
         GWh to 6.4 GWh

2        Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the                           800                  800                    800
         indebtedness incurred by our Subsidiary, Ola
         Electric Technologies Private Limited		

3        Investment into research and product development                         1,600                1,505                    930




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                171
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

4        Expenditure to be incurred for organic growth                          350                 1,201                    1,301
         initiatives
5        General corporate purposes		                                         1,297                 1,374                    1,374
6        Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the                         -                   395                      870
         indebtedness incurred the company and/or its
         subsidiaries
         Total Net Proceeds                                                   5,275                 5,275                    5,275


As part of its funding plans, the Group is in the process        appointed their advisors and have substantially
of raising additional equity capital through a proposed          completed the investor engagement.
qualified institutional placement (QIP) and has initiated
                                                                 Accordingly, these consolidated financial statements
active discussions with institutional investors. The
                                                                 have been prepared on a going concern basis.
Group has obtained the Shareholders’ approvals,



3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES                               3.1 BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (OTHER THAN
                                                                 COMMON CONTROL BUSINESS COMBINATIONS)
Basis of consolidation
                                                                 In accordance with Ind AS 103, the Group accounts for
i. Subsidiaries:                                                 business combinations using the acquisition method
                                                                 when the acquired set of activities and assets meets the
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Holding
                                                                 definition of business and control is transferred to the
Company. The Holding Company controls an entity
                                                                 Group. The consideration transferred for the business
when it is exposed to, or has right to, variable returns
                                                                 combination is generally measured at fair value as at the
from its involvement with the entity and has the ability
                                                                 date the control is acquired (acquisition date), as are the
to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
                                                                 net identifiable assets acquired. Any Goodwill that arises
The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in
                                                                 is tested annually for impairment. Any gain on bargain
the Consolidated Financial Statements from the date
                                                                 purchase is recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
on which control commences until the date on which
                                                                 (“OCI”) and accumulated in equity as capital reserve
control ceases. The financials statements of the Group
                                                                 if there exist clear evidence of the underlying reason
companies are consolidated on a line by line basis.
                                                                 for classifying the business combination as resulting
                                                                 in bargain purchase; otherwise the gain is recognised
Loss of control
                                                                 directly in equity as capital reserve. Transaction cost are
When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it               expensed as incurred, except to the extent related to
derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary,       debt or equity securities.
and any related NCI (non controlling interest) and other
components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is              The consideration transferred does not include amounts
recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in the       related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships
former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control         with the acquiree. Such amounts are generally
is lost.                                                         recognised in profit and loss.
                                                                 Any contingent consideration is measured at fair
ii. Goodwill:                                                    value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay
Goodwill represents the cost of business acquisition in          contingent consideration that meets the definition of a
excess of the Group’s interest in the net fair value of          financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not
identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of   remeasured subsequently and settlement is accounted
the acquiree. When the net fair value of the identifiable        for within equity. Other contingent consideration is
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired (“net    remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and
assets”) exceeds the cost of business acquisition, the           changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration
excess of net assets over cost of business acquisition is        are recognised in profit and loss.
recognised immediately in capital reserve. Goodwill is
                                                                 If business combination is achieved in stages, any
measured at cost, less accumulated impairment losses.
                                                                 previous held equity interest in the acquiree is re-
                                                                 measured to its acquisition date fair value and any
iii. Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                                                                 resulting gain or loss is recognised in statement of profit
Intra-Group balances and transactions, and any                   or loss or OCI, as appropriate.
unrealized income and expense arising from intra-
Group transactions, are eliminated.

172
3.2 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT                                 If significant parts of an item of property, plant and
                                                                  equipment have different useful lives, then they are
Recognition and measurement                                       accounted for as separate items (major components) of
The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment              property, plant and equipment.
shall be recognised as an asset if, and only if it is probable
                                                                  Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant
that future economic benefits associated with the item
                                                                  and equipment is recognised in consolidated statement
will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be
                                                                  of profit and loss.
measured reliably.
                                                                  Advances paid towards the acquisition of property,
Items of property, plant and equipment (including
                                                                  plant and equipment outstanding at each balance sheet
Capital work in progress) are measured at cost, which
                                                                  date are shown under as other non-current assets.
includes capitalised borrowing costs, less accumulated
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
                                                                  Subsequent expenditure
Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
comprises its purchase price, including import duties             Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only if it
and non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting                is probable that the future economic benefits
trade discounts and rebates, any directly attributable            associated with the expenditure will flow to the Group
cost of bringing the item to its working condition for its        and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
intended use and estimated costs of dismantling and
removing the item and restoring the site on which it              Depreciation
is located.
                                                                  Depreciation is calculated on cost of items of property,
The cost of a self-constructed item of property, plant            plant and equipment less their estimated residual values
and equipment comprises the cost of materials and                 over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to           method, and is generally recognised in the consolidated
bringing the item to working condition for its intended           statement of profit and loss.
use, and estimated costs of dismantling and removing
                                                                  The estimated useful lives of items of property, plant
the item and restoring the site on which it is located.
                                                                  and equipment for the current and comparative years
                                                                  are as follows:

Class of assets                                                  Management estimate of                                Useful life as
                                                                      useful life in years                           per Schedule II
 Buildings                                                                    3 to 30                                       3 to 60
 Computer equipment                                                            2 to 3                                             3
 Computer server                                                                    6                                             6
 Leasehold improvements                      Over the primary lease period or useful                                            NA
                                                           life, whichever is shorter
 Office equipment                                                             2 to 10                                            5
 Furniture and fixtures                                                       2 to 10                                           10
 Electronic equipment                                                         2 to 10                                           10
 Motor vehicles                                                                2 to 8                                            8
 Plant & machinery                                                            2 to 20                                     15 to 25



Based on technical evaluation and consequent advice,              Depreciation on additions/(disposals) is provided on a
the management believes that its estimates of useful              pro-rata basis i.e. from/ (upto) the date on which asset
lives as given above best represent the period over               is ready for use/ (disposed off).
which management expects to use these assets, which
                                                                  3.3 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
is different, in certain cases, from the useful lives as
prescribed under Part C of Schedule II of the Companies
                                                                  Recognition and measurement
Act, 2013.
Depreciation method, useful lives and residual values             Goodwill
are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted              Goodwill is initially recognised based on the accounting
if appropriate.                                                   policy for business combinations and is tested for
                                                                  impairment annually.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             173
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Other intangible assets                                       increases the future economic benefits embodied in
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on         the specific asset to which it relates and the cost of the
initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets    asset can be measured reliably. All other expenditure,
acquired in a business combination is recognised at fair      including expenditure on internally generated Goodwill
value at the date of acquisition. An intangible asset is      and brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
recognised only if it is probable that future economic
benefits attributable to the asset will flow to the Group     Amortisation
and the cost of the asset can be measured reliably.           Other intangible assets are amortised over their
Following initial recognition, other intangible assets,       respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-
including those acquired by the Group in a business           line basis, from the date that they are available for use.
combination and have finite useful lives are measured         The estimated useful life of an identifiable intangible
at cost less accumulated amortisation and any                 asset is based on a number of factors including the
accumulated impairment losses.                                effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and
Intangible assets are amortised over their respective         other economic factors (such as the stability of the
individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis,   industry, and known technological advances), and the
commencing from the date the asset is available to the        level of maintenance expenditures required to obtain
Group for its use and is included in depreciation and         the expected future cash flows from the asset.
amortisation expense in statement of profit and loss.         The management estimates the useful lives for its
Amortisation method, useful lives and residual values         intangible assets as follows:
are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted if
appropriate.                                                                                            Useful life
                                                               Class of assets
                                                                                                        estimated (years)
Right to use “Ola” trade name has an indefinite life.
                                                              Product development                       5 years
Management evaluates annually whether the business
                                                              (internally generated)
circumstances continue to support an indefinite
                                                              Computer software                         3 years
useful life assessment for assets so classified. Based
on such review, useful life assessment may change             Domain name                               10 years
from indefinite to finite. The impact of such changes is      Goodwill                                  Indefinite Life
accounted for as a change in accounting estimate. Right       Ola Brand (Trade name)                    Indefinite Life
to use Ola trade name acquired is initially recognised at
cost and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated
impairment losses.                                            The amortisation period and the amortisation method for
                                                              finite-life intangible assets is reviewed at each financial
Internally generated intangible assets and Intangible         year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
assets under development
                                                              For indefinite life intangible assets, the assessment
Expenditure on research activities is recognised in the
                                                              of indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine
consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred.
                                                              whether it continues, if not, it is impaired or changed
Development expenditure is capitalised as part of cost of
                                                              prospectively basis revised estimates.
resulting intangible asset only if the expenditure can be
measured reliably, the product or process is technically
                                                              3.4 IMPAIRMENT
and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are
probable and the Group intends to and has sufficient          i. Impairment of financial assets
resources to complete development and intends to
                                                              The Group recognises loss allowances for expected
use or sell the asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in the
                                                              credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised
consolidated statement of profit and loss as incurred. The
                                                              cost, debt investments measured at FVOCI and
cost capitalised includes cost of material, employee cost
                                                              contract assets.
and directly attributable overhead expenditure incurred
upto the date asset is available to use. Subsequent to        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether
initial recognition, the internally generated intangible      financial assets carried at amortised cost are credit
assets are measured at cost less accumulated                  impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit impaired’ when
amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.           one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
Intangible assets under development are tested for            the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset
impairment annually irrespective of whether there is          have occurred.
any indication of impairment.
                                                              For financial assets whose credit risk has not
                                                              significantly increased since initial recognition, loss
Subsequent expenditure
                                                              allowance equal to twelve months expected credit
Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it            losses is recognised. Loss allowance equal to the lifetime

174
expected credit losses is recognised if the credit risk on         are reviewed at each reporting date to determine
the financial instruments has significantly increased              whether there is any indication of impairment. If any
since initial recognition.                                         such indication exists, then the asset’s recoverable
                                                                   amount is estimated. Goodwill and Intangible assets
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always
                                                                   under development are tested annually for impairment.
measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit
losses. Lifetime expected credit losses are the expected           For impairment testing, assets that do not generate
credit losses that result from all possible default events         independent cash inflows are Grouped together into
over the expected life of a financial instrument.                  cash-generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the
                                                                   smallest Group of assets that generates cash inflows
In all cases, the maximum period considered when
                                                                   that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
estimating expected credit losses is the maximum
                                                                   assets or CGUs.
contractual period over which the Group is exposed to
credit risk.                                                       The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset)
                                                                   is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial
                                                                   to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash
asset has increased significantly since initial recognition
                                                                   flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
and when estimating ECLs, the Group considers
                                                                   discount rate that reflects current market assessments
reasonable and supportable information that is relevant
                                                                   of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
and available without undue cost or effort. This includes
                                                                   CGU (or the asset).
both quantitative and qualitative information and
analysis, based on the Group’s historical experience               An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying
and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-             amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated
looking information.                                               recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised
                                                                   in consolidated statement of profit and loss.
Measurement of expected credit losses
                                                                   For the purpose of impairment testing, Goodwill is
Expected credit losses are a probability weighted                  allocated to the Group’s operating divisions which
estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as           represent the lowest level within the Group at which
the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference      the Goodwill is measured for internal management
between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance              purposes, which is not higher than the Group’s operating
with the contract and the cash flows that the Group                segments. Any impairment loss on Goodwill is not
expects to receive).                                               reversed subsequently.
ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the          In respect of assets for which impairment loss has been
financial asset.                                                   recognised in prior periods, the Group reviews at each
                                                                   reporting date whether there is any indication that the
Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses               loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment
in the balance sheet                                               loss is reversed if there has been a change in the
Loss allowances for financial assets measured at                   estimates used to determine the recoverable amount.
amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying                Such a reversal is made only to the extent that the
amount of the assets.                                              asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying
                                                                   amount that would have been determined, net of
Write-off                                                          depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written          been recognised.
off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no
realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case         3.5 REVENUE RECOGNITION
when the Group determines that the debtor does not                 Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of
have assets or sources of income that could generate               promised products or services to customers for an
sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to              amount that reflects the consideration which the Group
the write off.                                                     expects to receive in exchange for those products or
                                                                   services. Revenue excludes taxes or duties collected
                                                                   on behalf of the government. In relation to revenue
Recovery of previously written-off amounts
                                                                   from contracts with customers, amounts are generally
Amounts previously written-off are recognised when                 collected in advance. In relation to sales made through
the group is virtually certain of recovery of the amount.          e-commerce aggregators, payment for the vehicle is
                                                                   collected from the aggregator only after the successful
ii. Impairment of non- financial assets                            delivery of vehicle to the customer.
The Group’s non-financial assets, other than inventories,


                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                175
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

y Revenue from sale of products (comprises of                 to a customer for which the Group has received
  sale of scooters and related software) and sale of          consideration (or an amount of consideration is due)
  traded goods (comprises of sale of spare parts and          from the customer. If a customer pays consideration
  accessories), are recognised when control of goods          before the Group transfers goods or services to the
  are transferred to the buyer which is generally on          customer, a contract liability is recognised when the
  delivery for domestic sales and on delivery on local        payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is
  port in India for export sales; as per the terms of sale,   earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue
  i.e; at a point in time.                                    when the Group performs under the contract. Billing in
                                                              excess of revenue is disclosed as Unearned revenue in
y Service income which primarily consists of
                                                              other liabilities (current).
  commission income and other servicing income.
  Commission income is earned from a related party
                                                              Other operating revenue
  based on contractual terms related to the distribution
  and servicing of motor insurance policies, including        Other operating revenue primarily comprises vendor
  add-ons for automotive vehicles sold by the Group.          handling charges, recognised upon vehicle delivery,
  Other servicing income are recognized as per the            and subscription income, recognised on a straight-
  terms of the contract on satisfaction of performance        line basis over the contract term, generally one year.
  obligation which is generally on customer                   Unrecognised subscription income is presented as
  acknowledgement on completion of servicing, i.e; at         contract liability (deferred revenue).
  a point in time.
                                                              3.6	  RECOGNITION OF INTEREST INCOME OR
Warranty considerations as a service                                 INTEREST EXPENSE
Vehicles and parts sold by the Group include a standard       Interest income or expense is recognised using the
warranty to guarantee that the vehicle complies with          effective interest rate method. The ‘effective interest
agreed-upon specifications for a defined period of            rate’ is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future
time. Where the warranty offering to the end customer         cash payments or receipts through the expected life of
exceeds the standard market expectation for similar           the financial instrument to the gross carrying amount of
products or provides a service in excess of the assurance     the financial asset or the amortised cost of the financial
that the agreed-upon specification is met, the Group          liability. In calculating interest income and expense, the
considers this to constitute a service to the end customer    effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying
and therefore a separate performance obligation. For          amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-
products sold together with such extended warranties,         impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability.
the transaction price is allocated to the extended
warranty component based on its relative standalone           3.7	  FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS AND
selling price and recognised as a contract liability until           BALANCES
the related service obligation is satisfied. The price        Initial recognition - Transactions in foreign currencies
regularly charged when the warranty is sold separately        are recorded by the companies at their respective
represents the best evidence of its standalone selling        functional currency spot rates at the date the
price. Revenue relating to the extended warranty is           transaction first qualifies for recognition. Monetary
recognised on a straight-line basis over the contractual      assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
warranty period, with the unrecognised portion                are translated at the functional currency spot rates of
presented as a contract liability (deferred revenue).         exchange at the reporting date. The gains or losses
                                                              resulting from such translations are recognised in the
Revenue is measured based on the transaction price,
                                                              consolidated statement of profit and loss.
which is the consideration, net of discounts and price
concessions as specified in the contract with the             Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities
customer. Revenues are recognised when collectability         denominated in a foreign currency and measured at
of the resulting receivables is reasonably assured.           fair value are translated at the exchange rate prevalent
                                                              at the date when the fair value was determined.
A liability is recognised where payments are received
                                                              Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities
from customers before transferring control of the goods
                                                              denominated in a foreign currency and measured
being sold or providing services to the customer.
                                                              at historical cost are translated at the exchange
The Group disaggregates revenue from contracts with           rate prevalent at the date of the transaction.
customers by nature of goods and service.                     Transaction gains or losses realized upon settlement
                                                              of foreign currency transactions are included in
Contract liabilities                                          determining net profit for the period in which the
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods      transaction is settled. Revenue, expense and cash flow
                                                              items denominated in foreign currencies are translated

176
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


into the relevant functional currencies using the               credit method.
exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
                                                                Re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability,
Assets and liabilities of entities with functional              which comprise actuarial gains and losses are recognised
currency other than the functional currency of the              in other comprehensive income (OCI). The Group
Company have been translated using exchange rates               determines the net interest expense on the net defined
prevailing on the balance sheet date. Statement of              benefit liability for the period by applying the discount
profit and loss of such entities has been translated using      rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation
average exchange rates. Translation adjustments have            at the beginning of the annual period to the then-net
been reported as foreign currency translation reserve in        defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes
the statement of changes in equity. When a subsidiary is        in the net defined benefit liability during the period as
disposed off, in full, the relevant amount is transferred       a result of contributions and benefit payments. Net
to net profit in the Consolidated Financial statement of        interest expense and other expenses related to defined
profit and loss. However, when a change in the Holding          benefit plans are recognised in consolidated statement
Company’s ownership does not result in loss of control of       of profit and loss.
a subsidiary, such changes are recorded through equity.
                                                                Other long term employee benefits- Compensated
3.8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS                                           absences
                                                                Accumulated absences expected to be carried forward
Short-term employee benefits
                                                                beyond twelve months is treated as long-term employee
Employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months           benefit for measurement purposes. The Group’s net
of receiving employee services are classified as short-         obligation in respect of other long-term employee benefit
term employee benefits. These benefits include salaries         of accumulating compensated absences is the amount
and wages, bonus, compensated absences and ex-                  of future benefit that employees have accumulated
gratia. Short-term employee benefit obligations are             at the end of the period. That benefit is discounted to
measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed              determine its present value. The obligation is measured
as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised   annually by a qualified actuary using the projected
for the amount expected to be paid e.g., under short-           unit credit method. Remeasurements are recognised
term cash bonus, if the Group has a present legal or            in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of       The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the
past service provided by the employee and the amount            consolidated balance sheet if the Group does not have
of obligation can be estimated reliably.                        an unconditional right to defer the settlement for at
                                                                least twelve months after the reporting date.
Post employment benefits
                                                                Share- based payment transactions
Defined contribution plans
                                                                The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by
A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit
                                                                the fair value at the date when the grants are made using a
plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into
                                                                Black Scholes model. The cost is recognised in employee
a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive
                                                                benefits expense, together with a corresponding
obligation to pay further amounts. The Group makes
                                                                increase in share options outstanding account in
specified monthly contributions towards Government
                                                                equity, over the period in which the performance and/
administered provident fund scheme and employee
                                                                or service conditions are fulfilled in a graded vesting
state Insurance scheme. Obligations for contributions
                                                                manner. The amount recognised as expense is based
to defined contribution plans are recognised as an
                                                                on the estimate of the number of awards for which the
employee benefits expense in consolidated statement
                                                                related service conditions are expected to be met, such
of profit and loss in the periods during which the related
                                                                that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is
services are rendered by employees.
                                                                based on the number of awards that do meet the related
                                                                service conditions at the vesting date.
Defined benefit plans
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit             3.9 INCOME TAXES
plan other than a defined contribution plan. The Group’s
                                                                Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. It is
net obligation in respect of defined benefit plan is
                                                                recognised in consolidated statement of profit and
calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit
                                                                loss except to the extent that it relates to a business
that employees have earned in the current and prior
                                                                combination or to an item recognised directly in equity
periods and discounting that amount.
                                                                or in other comprehensive income.
The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed
annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit

                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              177
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

i. Current tax                                                expected to apply to the period when the asset is
Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or             realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that
receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period       have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in        reporting date.
respect of previous years. The amount of current tax          The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax
reflects the best estimate of the tax amount expected         consequences that would follow from the manner in
to be paid or received after considering the uncertainty,     which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to
if any, related to income taxes. It is measured using tax     recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
rates (and tax laws) enacted or substantively enacted by      and liabilities.
the reporting date.
                                                              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a
Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset     legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities
only if there is a legally enforceable right to set off the   and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by
recognised amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset   the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on
and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.    different tax entities, but they intend to settle current
                                                              tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets
ii. Deferred tax                                              and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary
differences between the carrying amounts of assets            3.10 EARNINGS PER SHARE
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the      The basic earnings per share (‘EPS’) is computed by
corresponding amounts used for taxation purposes.             dividing the net profit / (loss) after tax for the period
Deferred tax is also recognised in respect of carried         attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted
forward tax losses and tax credits.                           average number of equity shares and compulsorily
Deferred tax is not recognised for:                           convertible preference shares outstanding during the
                                                              period and is adjusted for bonus issue.
y temporary differences on the initial recognition
  of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not       The number of shares used in computing diluted earnings
  a business combination and at the time of the               per share comprises the weighted average number of
  transaction (i) affects neither accounting nor taxable      shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share
  profit or loss and (ii) does not give raise to equal        and also the weighted average number of equity shares
  taxable and deductible temporary differences.               that could have been issued on the conversion of all
                                                              dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity
y temporary differences related to investments in             shares are deemed converted as of the beginning of
  subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to          the period unless issued at a later date. In computing
  the extent that the Group is able to control the timing     dilutive earning per share, only potential equity shares
  of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is      that are dilutive i.e. which reduces earnings per share or
  probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable      increases loss per share are included.
  future; and
y taxable temporary differences arising on the initial        3.11 PROVISION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
  recognition of goodwill.                                    A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event,
                                                              the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it
                                                              that can be estimated, and it is probable that an
is probable that future taxable profits will be available
                                                              outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle
against which they can be used. The existence of unused
                                                              the obligation. If the effect of time value of money is
tax losses is strong evidence that future taxable profit
                                                              material, provisions are determined by discounting the
may not be available. Therefore, in case of a history
                                                              expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects
of recent losses, the Group recognises a deferred tax
                                                              current market assessments of the time value of money
asset only to the extent that it has sufficient taxable
                                                              and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of
temporary differences or there is convincing other
                                                              the discount is recognised as finance cost.
evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available
against which such deferred tax asset can be realised.        A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the
Deferred tax assets unrecognised or recognised, are           present value of the lower of the expected cost of
reviewed at each reporting date and are recognised/           terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
reduced to the extent that it is probable/ no longer          continuing with the contract, which is determined based
probable respectively that the related tax benefit will       on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under
be realised.                                                  the contract and an allocation of other costs directly
                                                              related to fulfilling the contract. Before a provision is
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are


178
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)

established, the Group recognises any impairment loss         of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals
on the assets associated with that contract.                  or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or
                                                              payments and item of income or expenses associated
The estimated liability for product warranties are
                                                              with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows
recognized when products are sold or when new
                                                              from operating, investing and financing activities of
warranty schemes are initiated. These estimates are
                                                              the Group are segregated. Interest paid that has been
established using historical information on the nature,
                                                              capitalized is classified as financing activities. Bank
frequency and average cost of warranty claims and
                                                              overdraft is considered as integral part of cash and
management estimates regarding possible future
                                                              cash equivalents in cash flows and the same is netted
warranty claims, expected future efficiencies to
                                                              off against cash and cash equivalents in the cash
research and internal learnings and customer goodwill.
                                                              flow statement
The calculated provisions are compared to current
spend rates to assess balances versus expected future
                                                              3.13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
obligations. This can lead to changes in the carrying
value of provisions as assumptions are updated over the       Initial recognition
life of each warranty to reflect where actual experience
                                                              The Group recognizes financial assets and financial
differs to past experience. The timing of outflows will
                                                              liabilities when it becomes a party to the contractual
vary depending on when warranty claim will arise, being
                                                              provisions of the instrument. All financial assets
typically up to three years.
                                                              and liabilities are recognized at fair value on initial
The Group notes that changes in the automotive                recognition, except for trade receivables without a
environment regarding the increasing impact of battery        significant financing component which are initially
electric vehicles presents its own significant challenges,    measured at transaction price. Transaction costs that
particularly due to the lack of maturity and historical       are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of
data available at this time to help inform estimates          financial assets and financial liabilities, that are not at
for future warranty claims, as well as any associated         fair value through profit or loss, are added to the fair
recoveries from suppliers due to such claims.                 value on initial recognition.
Estimates of the future costs of warranty actions
                                                              Subsequent measurement
are subject to numerous uncertainties, including the
enactment of new laws and regulations, the number             a. Non-derivative financial instruments
of vehicles affected by a service and the nature or final
cost of the corrective action. Due to the uncertainty and     (i) Financial assets carried at amortised cost
potential volatility of the inputs to these assumptions, it   A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortised
is reasonably possible that the actual cost expenditure       cost if it is held within a business where the objective
over an extended period of time could be materially           is to hold the asset in order to collect contractual cash
different to the estimate in a range of amounts that          flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset
cannot be reasonably estimated. The Group continues           give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
to monitor developments and adjusts the provision             payments of principal and interest on the principal
if required.                                                  amount outstanding.
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises
from past events whose existence will be confirmed            (ii) Financial assets at fair value through other
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more            comprehensive income
uncertain future events beyond the control of the Group       A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair
or a present obligation that is not recognized because        value through other comprehensive income if it is
it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be       held within a business where the objective is achieved
required to settle the obligation. A contingent liability     by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
also arises in extremely rare cases where there is a          financial assets and the contractual terms of the
liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot be      financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash
measured reliably.                                            flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
                                                              on the principal amount outstanding. The Group has
Contingent assets are not recognised or disclosed in
                                                              made an irrevocable election for its investments in
consolidated financial statements since this may result
                                                              preference instruments (which are classified as equity
in the recognition of income that may never be realised.
                                                              instruments) to present the subsequent changes in
                                                              fair value in other comprehensive income based on its
3.12 CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                              business model. However, in limited circumstances,
Cash flows are reported using the indirect method,            cost may be an appropriate estimate of fair value. That
whereby net loss before tax is adjusted for the effects       may be the case if insufficient more recent information
                                                              is available to measure fair value, or if there is a wide

                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              179
                                                                                     All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated


range of possible fair value measurements and cost               on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not
represents the best estimate of fair value within that           reported separately from other changes in fair value.
range. Further, in cases where the Group has made an             Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss
irrevocable election based on its business model, for its        unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part
investments which are classified as equity instruments,          of the cost of the investment. Other net gains and losses
the subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in           are recognised in OCI and are not reclassified to profit
other comprehensive income.                                      or loss.

(iii) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      c. Derecognition
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the          A financial asset is primarily derecognised when:
above categories are subsequently fair valued through
                                                                 y The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have
profit or loss.
                                                                   expired, or
(iv) Financial liabilities                                       y The Group has transferred its rights to receive cash
Financial liabilities are classified as measured at                flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to
amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified       pay the received cash flows in full without material
as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a       delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’
derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition.     arrangement and either (a) the Group has transferred
Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value          substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
and net gains and losses, including any interest expense,          or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities      substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the              but has transferred control of the asset.
effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign          Continuing involvement that takes the form of a
exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or            guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised       lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and
in profit or loss.                                               the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
                                                                 could be required to repay.
b. Financial assets – Subsequent measurement and
gains and losses                                                 A financial liability is primarily derecognised when:
                                                                 y The obligation to pay cash flows from the asset have
(i) Financial assets carried at amortised cost
                                                                   expired, or
These assets are subsequently measured at amortised
cost using the effective interest method. The amortised          y When its terms are modified and the cash flows of the
cost is reduced by impairment losses, if any. Interest             modified liability are substantially different, in which
income, foreign exchange gains and losses and                      case a new financial liability based on the modified
impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or           terms is recognised at fair value. On derecognition
loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.             of a financial liability, the difference between the
                                                                   carrying amount extinguished and the consideration
(ii) Financial assets carried at other comprehensive               paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or
income                                                             liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.
These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
                                                                 d. Derivative financial instruments
Interest income calculated using the effective interest
method, foreign exchange gains and losses and                    Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes
impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net           and not as speculative investment. Derivatives are initially
gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition,        recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract
gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to          is entered into and are subsequently re–measured to
profit or loss.                                                  their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
                                                                 accounting for subsequent changes in fair value depends
(iii) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging
                                                                 instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being
These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
                                                                 hedged and the type of hedge relationship designated.
Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend
                                                                 Derivatives that are not designated as hedges: The
income, are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                 Group enters into certain derivative contracts to
                                                                 hedge risks which are not designated as hedges. Such
(iv) Equity investments at FVOCI
                                                                 contracts are accounted for at fair value through profit
These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.            or loss and are included in other income/(expense).
Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses)

180
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


e. Offsetting                                                   The lease liability is initially measured at the present
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and       value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
the net amount presented in the consolidated balance            commencement date, discounted using the interest
sheet when, and only when, the Group currently has a            rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it         determined, the Group’s incremental borrowing rate.
intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise      Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.              rate as the discount rate. The Group determines the
                                                                incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates
3.14 LEASES                                                     from banks.
The Group assesses whether a contract contains a                Lease payments included in the measurement of the
lease, at the inception of the contract. A contract is,         lease liability comprises fixed payments, including
or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right          in-substance fixed payments, amounts expected to
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of       be payable under a residual value guarantee and the
time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether           exercise price under a purchase option that the Group
a contract conveys the right to control the use of an           is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in
identified asset, the Group assesses whether;                   an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably
                                                                certain to exercise an extension option and penalties
(i) the contract involves the use of an identified asset;
                                                                for early termination of a lease unless the Group is
(ii) the Group has the right to obtain substantially all the    reasonably certain not to terminate early.
economic benefits from use of the asset throughout the
                                                                When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a
period of use; and
                                                                corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying
(iii) the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset.   amount of the ROU, or is recorded in Consolidated
                                                                Statement of Profit or Loss if the carrying amount of the
As a Lessor                                                     ROU has been reduced to zero. the Group remeasures
At inception or on modification of a contract that              the lease liability by discounting the revised lease
contains a lease component, the Group allocates the             payments using the revised discount rate that reflects
consideration in the contract to each lease component           the change to an alternative benchmark interest rate.
on the basis of their relative standalone prices. When          Lease Liabilities have been presented as separate line
the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease              and the ‘ROU’ has been presented separately in the
inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an           Consolidated Balance Sheet. Lease payments have been
operating lease.                                                classified as financing activities in the Consolidated
                                                                Statement of Cash Flows.
As a lessee
                                                                Short-term leases and leases of low value assets
The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and
a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The           The Group has elected not to recognise right-of use
ROU is initially measured at cost, which comprises the          assets and lease liabilities for leases of low value assets
initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease    and short-term leases. The Group recognises the lease
payments made at or before the commencement date,               payments associated with these leases as an expense
plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of       on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or
to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is      3.15 INVENTORIES
located, less any lease incentives received.                    Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net
The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using        realisable value.
the straight-line method from the commencement                  Cost of raw materials, stores & spares, components,
date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease             consumables and traded goods are ascertained
transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the              on a weighted average basis. Goods-in-transit are
Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the           recorded at actual cost. Cost, including fixed and
right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise        variable production overheads, are allocated to work-
a purchase option. In that case the right-of-use asset          in-progress and finished goods determined on a full
will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying      absorption cost basis.
asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of
property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-       Provision for obsolescence is made wherever necessary.
use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses,         Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in
if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the          the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of
lease liability.                                                completion and selling expenses.

                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              181
                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Materials and other supplies held for use in the                  terms of the financial instrument and presented and
production are not written down below cost if the                 measured separately according to their substance. At
finished products in which they will be incorporated are          initial recognition of a compound financial instrument,
expected to be sold at or above cost. However, when a             the financial liability component is recognized at fair
decline in the price of materials indicate that the cost          value and the residual amount is allocated to equity.
of the finished products exceeds net realisable value,            Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component
the materials are written down to net realisable value.           of a compound financial instrument is measured at
The replacement cost of materials at the period end has           amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
been considered as the best available measure of their            equity component of a compound financial instrument is
net realisable value.                                             not remeasured subsequently.

3.16 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                    3.21 OPERATING SEGMENTS
Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent
sheet comprise cash at banks and on hand, cheque at               with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
hand / remittance in transit and short-term deposits              decision maker (CODM). The Group has identified two
with an original maturity of three months or less, which          reportable segment based on the dominant source, nature
are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.         of risks and return and the internal organisation and
                                                                  management structure and for which discrete financial
3.17 GOVERNMENT GRANTS                                            information is available. The CODM monitors the operating
Government grants are recognised where there is                   results of the segments for the purpose of making decisions
reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all      about resource allocation and performance assessment.
attached conditions will be complied with. When the grant         Refer note 39 for segment information.
relates to revenue, it is recognised in the Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic basis over           3.22 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
the periods to which it relates. When the grant relates to
                                                                  Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new
an asset, it is treated as deferred income and recognised
                                                                  standards or amendments to the existing standards under
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss on a
                                                                  Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued
systematic basis over the useful life of the asset.
                                                                  from time to time.
Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred
are recognised in profit or loss as reduction to expense on       In May 2025, MCA notified amendments to Ind AS 21 - The
a systematic basis in the periods in which the expenses are       Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable
recognised, unless the conditions for receiving the grant         w.e.f. April 1, 2025. The Group has reviewed the amendment
are met after the related expenses have been recognised.          and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not
                                                                  have any significant impact in its financial statements.
3.18 BORROWING COSTS
                                                                  In August 2025, MCA notified the following amendments
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition,         to:
construction or production of an asset that necessarily
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its           1. 
                                                                     Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements,
intended use or sale are capitalised as part of the cost of the      applicable w.e.f April 1, 2025 - The amendment relates
asset. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period          to classification of liabilities as current or non-current
in which they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest             and non-current liabilities with covenants. In the context
and other costs that the Group incurs in connection with             of classifying a liability as current, it removes the
the borrowing of funds.                                              requirement of existence of a right to defer settlement
                                                                     for at least 12 months after the reporting date, and
3.19 SHARE CAPITAL                                                   instead requires that the said right should exist on the
                                                                     reporting date and have substance. The amendment
Equity Shares                                                        also introduces guidance on classification of liabilities
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of equity       with covenants. The Group has no impact of these
shares are recognised as a deduction from equity. Income             amendments in its classification criteria of current and
tax relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is        non-current liabilities.
accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 12.
                                                                  2. Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107,
3.20 COMPOUND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS                                  Financial Instruments - Disclosures, applicable w.e.f
                                                                     April 1, 2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to
Compound financial instruments have both a financial
                                                                     inform users of financial statements of the existence of
liability and an equity component from the issuer’s
                                                                     supplier finance arrangements and explain the nature
perspective. The components are defined based on the

182
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


  of the arrangements, the carrying amount of liabilities                               a temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax
  and the range of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has                                    accounting for top-up tax and disclose that they
  been amended to add supplier finance arrangements as                                  have applied the relief. This relief is immediate and
  a factor that may cause concentration of liquidity risk.                              applies retrospectively. The Group has reviewed
  The Group has reviewed the amendment and based on                                     the amendment and based on its evaluation has
  its evaluation has determined that it does not have any                               determined that it does not have any significant
  significant impact in its financial statements.                                       impact in its financial statements.

3. Ind AS 12, International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model
   Rules applicable immediately - The amendments provide



4A. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Reconciliation of carrying Amount
                                                                                        Leasehold              Furniture
Particulars                                        Plant &       Office    Electronic    improve-     Motor          and    Computer   Computer
                                    Buildings*   Machinery   equipment    Equipment        ments    vehicles    fixtures   equipment     Server    Total
 Gross carrying amount
 Balance at 1 April 2024                 627      1,034            26            17         98         59           17          21          24    1,923
 Additions#                              239        387             8            35          7         91            3           3           3      776
 Disposals                                 -         (1)           (0)            -         (4)         (3)          -           -          (1)      (9)
 Balance at 31 March 2025                866      1,420            34            52        101         147          20          24          26    2,690
 Additions#                               32        142             9             4         21          35           6           4           1      254
 Disposals                                 -          -             -             -        (27)         (2)          -           -           -      (29)
 Balance at 31 March 2026                898      1,562            43            56         95         180          26          28          27    2,915

 Accumulated depreciation
 Balance at 1 April 2024                  49         228            8             2          29         20            3         12           7     358
 Depreciation                             38         171            6             4          26         28            2          6           4     285
 Disposals                                 -          (0)           -             -          (2)        (1)           -          -          (0)     (3)
 Balance at 31 March 2025                 87         399           14             6          53         47            5         18          11     640
 Depreciation                             41         173            8             5          26         68            3          5           4     333
 Disposals                                 -           -            -             -         (13)        (1)           -          -           -     (14)
 Balance at 31 March 2026                128         572           22            11          66        114            8         23          15     959

 Carrying Amount (net)
 As at 31 March 2025                     779      1,021            20            46          48       100           15            6         15    2,050
 As at 31 March 2026                     770        990            21            45          29        66           18            5         12    1,956

*Building is constructed on land taken on lease for a period of 99 years from Government of Tamilnadu located at Pochampalli, Krishnagiri district,
Tamilnadu.

#Includes towards Giga Factory in relation to:


a. 	Additions to Buildings for the capitalisation of expenditures related to the construction of the dry room, MEP
      (Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing) systems, and other associated civil structures.
b. 	Additions to Plant and Machinery for capitalisation of assets in relation to Cell Assembly & Formation, Mixing
      & Dosing Systems, Coating & Calendering equipment, Laboratory Equipment, and other utility-related
      capital expenditures.
c. 	Additions in relation to borrowing cost for construction of factory building and acquisition of other equipments
     amounting to INR 4 crores (31 March 2025: 13 crores), calculated using effective interest rate and other direct
     costs attributable towards the construction.
Refer note 16 for assets those are pledged as security by the Group.
Refer note 33 for disclosure of contractual commitments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment.

                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     183
                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

4B. CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS

Particulars                                                                                             As at               As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                      254                 419
Additions during the year                                                                                 496                 611
Capitalized during the year                                                                              (254)               (776)
Balance at the end of the year***                                                                         496                 254


Capital Work in Progress ageing schedule as at 31 March 2026
Particulars                                               Amount in Capital work in progress for a period of

                                       Less than 1 year        1-2 years          2-3 years           > 3 years              Total
Projects in progress                              360               129                  7                     -              496
                                                  360               129                  7                     -              496


Capital Work in Progress ageing schedule as at 31 March 2025
Particulars                                               Amount in Capital work in progress for a period of
                                       Less than 1 year        1-2 years          2-3 years           > 3 years              Total
Projects in progress                              240                13                  1                     -              254
                                                  240                13                  1                     -              254

The Group does not have any capital work in progress which has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan.
Further the Group does not have any capital work in progress which is overdue except for below mentioned:

Capital Work in Progress overdue as at 31 March 2026
Particulars                                               Amount in Capital work in progress for a period of
                                       Less than 1 year        1-2 years          2-3 years           > 3 years              Total
Giga factory                                      446                  -                  -                    -              446
                                                  446                  -                  -                    -              446


Capital Work in Progress overdue as at 31 March 2025
Particulars                                               Amount in Capital work in progress for a period of
                                       Less than 1 year        1-2 years          2-3 years           > 3 years              Total
Giga factory                                      198                  -                  -                    -              198
                                                  198                  -                  -                    -              198

*** Includes cost relating to ongoing construction of gigafactory amounting to INR 446 crores (31 March 2025:
INR 198 crores). This amount includes borrowing cost of INR 29 crores (31 March 2025: INR 8 crores) related to
construction of factory, calculated using effective interest rate and other direct costs attributable towards the
construction..




184
5. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
Reconciliation of carrying amount
Particulars                                                                    Land         Premises             Total
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2024                                                          90             408               498
Additions during the year (refer note c)                                          -             385               385
Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                              -             (89)              (89)
Balance at 31 March 2025                                                         90             704               794
Additions during the year                                                         -             151               151
Derecognition of right-of-use assets (refer note d)                               -            (353)             (353)
Balance at 31 March 2026                                                         90             502               592

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2024                                                           3              99               102
Amortisation                                                                      1             147               148
Derecognition of right-of-use assets                                              -             (37)              (37)
Balance at 31 March 2025                                                          4             209               213
Amortisation                                                                      1             198               199
Derecognition of right-of-use assets (refer note d)                               -            (177)             (177)
Balance at 31 March 2026                                                          5             230               235

Carrying Amount (net)
As at 31 March 2025                                                              86             495              581
As at 31 March 2026                                                              85             272              357

* Premises includes office buildings, stores, design lab and battery innovation centre etc taken on rent.Note:
a) 	The Group is the lessee of the above immovable properties and hence there are no title deeds in respect of
     the same.
b) 	Land is taken on lease for a period of 99 years and is amortised accordingly.
c) 	Pertains to leased premises acquired as part of stores expansion activities undertaken by the Group during
     the year.
d) 	The Group undertook rationalisation of its retail network and exited certain leased premises. Consequently,
     the related right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities pertaining to such leases were derecognised.
     The resultant gain arising on derecognition has been recognised as other income.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              185
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

6A. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Reconciliation of carrying amount
                              Computer     Domain       Trade Product development         Total other                                Total
Particulars
                               software      name       name (internally generated) intangible assets    Goodwill        intangible assets
                                   (A)        (B)        (C)                   (D) (E)= (A+B+C+D)             (F)          (G)= (E)+(F)
 Gross carrying amount
 Balance at 1 April 2024            44          1         10            636                   691              17                708
 Additions                           2              -          -        135                   137                   -            137
 Balance at 31 March 2025           46          1         10            771                   828              17                845
 Additions                           1              -          -        114                   115                   -            115
 Balance at 31 March 2026           47          1         10            885                   943              17                960
 Accumulated amortisation
 Balance at 1 April 2024            28          1              -        140                   169                8               177
 Amortisation                        9              -          -        136                   145                   -            145
 Balance at 31 March 2025           37          1              -        276                   314                8               322
 Amortisation                        6              -          -        164                   170                   -            170
 Balance at 31 March 2026           43          1              -        440                   484                8               492
 Carrying amount (net)
 As at 31 March 2025                 9              -     10            495                   514                9               523
 As at 31 March 2026                 4              -     10            445                   459                9               468


Allocation of goodwill to cash generating units:
Goodwill acquired in a business combination and relates to Automotive CGU. Both the Automotive CGU and Cell
CGU have intangible assets under development which are subject to mandatory annual impairment testing in
accordance with the requirements of IND AS 36.
The recoverable amount of these CGUs was based on fair value less costs of disposal, estimated using discounted
cash flows. The fair value measurement was categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation
technique used.
The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below. The values assigned to
the key assumptions represent management’s assessment of future trends in the relevant industries and have been
based on historical data from both external and internal sources.
                                                                     Automotive                               Cell

                                                        31 March 2026         31 March 2025      31 March 2026          31 March 2025
Discount rate                                                      18.24%           16.70%              22.90%                15.40%
Terminal value growth rate                                          4.00%            5.00%               4.00%                 5.00%

The cash flow projections included specific estimates for five years and a terminal growth rate thereafter. The
terminal growth rate was determined based on management’s estimate of the long-term compound annual EBITDA
growth rate, consistent with the assumptions that a market participant would make.
Budgeted EBITDA was estimated taking into account past experience and adjusted for as follows:
a. 	Projected sales volumes for the next five years based on industry reports. This is in line with market expectations
     of demand for the next five years.
b.    Continuous improvement on technology planned to reduce the material costs.
c.    Improvement in productivity and efficiency across manufacturing and sales planned to reduce costs.
The estimated recoverable amount of the CGUs exceeded its carrying amount for both the Automotive segment
and the Cell segment and accordingly no impairment is recorded.




186
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

6B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT

                                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                              31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     448                  293
Additions during the year                                                                                226                  310
Capitalized during the year                                                                             (114)                (135)
Impaired during the year (refer note (vii))                                                                -                  (20)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                 11                    -
Balance at the end of the year                                                                           571                  448

Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at 31 March 2026

                                                    Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of

                                              < 1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years           > 3 years               Total
Projects in progress                             178                179                 71               143                  571
Total                                            178                179                 71               143                  571


Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at 31 March 2025
                                                    Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
                                               <1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years           > 3 years               Total
Projects in progress                             230                 77               140                   1                 448
Total                                            230                 77               140                   1                 448

Note:
(a) As on 31 March 2026, the Group does not have any intangible assets under development which has exceeded
     its cost compared to its original plan. Further the Group does not have any intangible assets under development
     which is overdue except for below mentioned:

Intangible assets under development in overdue as at 31 March 2026
                                                    Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
                                               <1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years           > 3 years               Total
Three-wheelers                                      -               226                  3                  -                 229
Battery Cell                                       63                 -                  -                  -                  63
Total                                              63               226                  3                  -                 292

As on 31 March 2025, the Group does not have any Intangible assets under development which is overdue or has
exceeded its cost compared to its original plan.
(b) T
     he Group is in the process of developing the below products-
(i) Two-wheelers - The intangibles include expenses incurred on the design and development of two wheelers (2W)
     scooters which comprises cost of manpower in development of vehicle design and engineering, materials and
     services used in testing activities, prototype tooling cost etc.
(ii) Software - The intangibles include expenses incurred on the development of vehicle softwares which comprises
      cost of manpower in development of software features and cost of software licenses.
(iii) Battery Cell - The intangibles include expenses incurred on the battery cell design and development which
       comprises cost of manpower in development of cell design and engineering, materials and services used in
       testing activities, prototypes cost, etc.
(iv) Hyper-chargers - The intangibles include expenses incurred on the hyperchargers design and development
      which comprises cost of manpower in development of cell design and engineering, materials and services used
      in testing activities, prototypes cost, etc.



                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   187
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(v) Motorcycles - The intangibles include expenses incurred on the design and development of bikes which
     comprises cost of manpower in development of vehicle design and engineering, materials and services used in
     testing activities, prototype tooling cost etc.
(vi) Three-wheelers - The intangibles include expenses incurred on the design and development of three-wheelers
      (3W) which comprises cost of manpower in development of vehicle design and engineering, materials and
      services used in testing activities, prototype tooling cost etc.
(vii) During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Group has recognised an impairment loss of INR 20 crores
       in relation to its four-wheeler development project. Based on both internal evaluations and external
       assessments, management has determined that the remaining development expenditure of INR 123 crores
       continues to meet the criteria for capitalisation. This amount has been retained in the books as intangible
       assets under development, primarily attributable to the ongoing three-wheeler project, supported by various
       identified synergies.

7.    INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-Current Investments, unquoted
Carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
    Investments in preference instruments
    277,459 (31 March 2025: 277,459) Series D Preference Shares of StoreDot Ltd, of NIS                  38                  38
    0.10 each, fully paid-up
    Less: Fair value changes on equity investments through OCI                                           (38)                 -
                                                                                                           -                 38
Current investments, unquoted
Measured at fair value through profit and loss
    Investments in Mutual Funds
    Nil (31 March 2025: 2,896) units of HDFC Overnight Fund - Direct Plan - Growth Option                  -                  1
    ‘Nil (31 March 2025: 6,367) Kotak Overnight Fund Direct Growth Plan                                    -                  1
                                                                                                           -                  2
      Aggregate amount of unquoted non current investments                                                 -                 38
      Aggregate amount of unquoted non current investments                                                 -                  2
      Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments                                               -                  -


8.    OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
   Unsecured, considered good
       Bank Deposits (refer note 8 (a))                                                                   6                   6
       Security Deposits                                                                                 32                  57
       Government incentive (refer note 8 (b))                                                          138                 153
                                                                                                        176                 216
Current
    Unsecured, considered good
        Bank Deposits (refer note 8 (a) & 8 (e))                                                          6                525
        Security Deposits                                                                                74                 52
        Government incentive (refer note 8 (b) & 30)                                                    127                410
        Receivables from government authorities (refer note 8 (c))                                       12                 92
        Other Receivables                                                                                17                 21
                                                                                                        236              1,100



188
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                        All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

    Unsecured, considered doubtful
       Receivables from government authorities (refer note 8 (c))                                             54                 52
       Less: Provision on receivable from government authorities                                             (54)               (52)
                                                                                                               -                  -
         Receivables towards sale of property, plant and equipment                                             1                  1
         Less: Provision on receivables towards sale of property, plant and equipment                         (1)                (1)
                                                                                                               -                  -

         Security Deposits                                                                                     2                   -
         Less: Provision on security deposits                                                                 (2)                  -

  Related parties, unsecured, considered good
		    Receivables from Related Parties (refer note 8 (d) & 35)                                              166                263
                                                                                                            402              1,363

Notes:
(a) 	Bank deposits include restricted bank balances of INR 11 crores (31 March 2025: INR 186 crores). The
      restrictions are primarily comprise amounts held as lien against various facilities availed by group entities,
      including bank guarantees, non-fund-based letter of credit facilities, and debt service reserves related to non
      convertible debentures.
(b) 	OET has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Government of Tamil Nadu and has been
       awarded a structured package of capital and revenue assistance for setting up an industrial project in Tamil
       Nadu. The assistance is subject to fulfilment of the investment and other conditions as outlined in the MOU.
       As per the award, investment period was upto March 2026. On 29 January 2025, OET obtained an extension
       of 1.5 years thereby extending the investment period upto September 2027. During the year ended 31 March
       2023, OET had met the eligibility conditions and is reasonably assured that the overall criteria for receiving
       the assistance will also be met over the time as stipulated in the award. Hence, OET has recorded a capital
       grant aggregating to INR 219 crores (31 March 2025: INR 228 crores) which is discounted at a value of INR 151
       crores (31 March 2025: INR 160 crores) and recognized as deferred grant. The total income recognised under
       the scheme, presented either as gross income or as an adjustment to expenses under various heads in the
       consolidated statement of Profit and Loss, amounted to INR 20 crores for the year ended 31 March 2026 (31
       March 2025: INR 29 crores).
	OCT has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Government of Tamil Nadu and has
  been sanctioned capital assistance amounting to INR 18 crores towards reimbursement of the cost incurred
  for certain eligible capital assets. Based on the management’s assessment that there is reasonable assurance
  that the overall criteria associated with the grant will be completed. Accordingly, the assistance has been
  recognised as a capital grant with a corresponding credit to deferred grant in the financial statements.
	The Ministry of Heavy Industries (MHI) has introduced Production Linked Incentive (PLI) Scheme for Automobile
  and Auto Components Industry in India. Under this scheme, companies that fulfill the investment, sales,
  domestic value additions and other specified conditions are entitled to revenue assistance. While the Techno
  Commercial Audit is in progress for certain products, OET is reasonably assured that the overall criteria will to
  be met over time, as stipulated in the scheme. OET has recorded an amount of INR 96 crores as other operating
  revenue (31 March 2025: INR 390 crores). The total grant receivable as at 31 March 2026 is INR 96 crores (31
  March 2025: INR 390 crores)




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    189
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(c) 	pertains to amount receivable from government authorities in relation to demand incentive under scheme for
      faster adoption of manufacturing electric vehicles.
(d) 	Includes amounts cross charged to related parties towards reimbursement of expenses aggregating INR 87
      crores (31 March 2025: INR 78 crores). It further includes an amount of INR 79 crores (31 March 2025: INR 76
      crores) towards sale to customer for which monies are collected by Ola Financial Services Private Limited on
      behalf of OET.
(e) 	As on 31 March 2025, proceeds from Initial Public Offer (IPO) included in bank deposits lying in other financial
      assets of INR 328 crores (refer note 44).

9.    OTHER TAX ASSETS (NET)

                                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                           31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
   Tax deducted at source, net of advance tax and provisions                                           19                  23
                                                                                                       19                  23


10. OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                           31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
Unsecured, considered good
   Capital advances                                                                                   202                 200
   Balances with Government authorities                                                               275                  49
   Prepayments                                                                                         17                  32
                                                                                                      494                 281
Current
Unsecured, considered good
    Advances to employees                                                                               1                   2
    Advance to suppliers*                                                                             117                  69
    Balances with Government authorities                                                              859                 884
    Prepayments                                                                                        30                  32
                                                                                                    1,007                 987


11. INVENTORIES
(at lower of cost and net realisable value)

                                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                           31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Raw materials (Includes in transit INR 20 crores (FY 2024-25: INR 155 crores))*                       157                 460
Work-in-progress                                                                                        -                   -
Finished goods*                                                                                        94                 300
Stock-in-trade                                                                                          3                   3
Spare parts                                                                                             2                   7
Consumables                                                                                            13                  14
                                                                                                      269                 784

As at 31 March 2026, the Group has written down its inventory of raw materials by INR 3 crores (31 March 2025:
INR 2 crores) and inventory of finished goods by INR 11 crores (31 March 2025: INR 21 crores) to bring it down to
its net realisable value.




190
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Raw Materials is net-off provision towards slow moving inventory of INR 1 crores (31 March 2025: INR 3 crores).
* The Group has not conducted physical verification of raw materials and finished goods at stores, and finished goods at two wheeler plant as at 31
March 2026. Further, the Group had not conducted physical stock count at stores and State Distribution Centers (SDCs) as at 31 March 2025.

For details of carrying amount of inventories pledged as securities for borrowings, refer note 16.

12.    TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                             31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Trade receivables - unsecured, considered good                                                                            31                    9
Trade Receivables - credit impaired                                                                                        0                    0
Total trade receivables                                                                                                   31                    9
    Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                            (0)                  (0)
Net trade receivables                                                                                                     31                    9
Of the above, trade receivables from related parties are as below:
    Trade receivables due from related parties (refer note 35)                                                            30                    5
    Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                             -                    -
Net trade receivables                                                                                                     30                    5


TRADE RECEIVABLES AGEING SCHEDULE AS AT 31 MARCH 2026

                                           Outstanding for following periods from date of the transaction

                                   Not due              < 1 year           1-2 years           2-3 years            > 3 years               Total
Undisputed Trade                           -                 25                    1                   1                   4                  31
receivables –
considered good
Undisputed Trade                           -                   -                   -                    -                  0                    0
Receivables – credit
impaired
Gross trade                                -                 25                    1                   1                   4                  31
receivables
Allowance for                              -                   -                   -                    -                  (0)                 (0)
expected credit
losses
Net trade                                  -                 25                    1                   1                   4                  31
receivables




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     191
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                         All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Trade receivables ageing schedule as at 31 March 2025
                                    Outstanding for following periods from date of the transaction
                              Not due            < 1 year         1-2 years          2-3 years            > 3 years             Total
Undisputed Trade                     -                 4                   1                 4                   0                  9
receivables –
considered good
Undisputed Trade                     -                 -                   -                 -                   0                  0
Receivables – credit
impaired
Gross trade                          -                 4                   1                4                    0                  9
receivables
Allowance for                        -                 -                   -                 -                  (0)                (0)
expected credit
losses
Net trade                            -                 4                   1                4                    0                  9
receivables


13.   CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                              As at            As at
                                                                                                     31 March 2026    31 March 2025
Cash and cash equivalents
    Cash in hand                                                                                                 0                  0
    Balances with banks
    - in current accounts                                                                                      59                 94
    - in deposit accounts (with original maturity of less than 3 months)                                      362                245
                                                                                                              421                339
Other bank balances
    -Earmarked deposits with banks (refer note 13 (a))                                                         833               755
    -in deposit accounts (with original maturity of more than three months but less than                       288             2,422
    twelve months)
                                                                                                            1,121             3,177

(a) 	Restricted bank balances amounting to INR 833 crores (31 March 2025: INR 755 crores) primarily comprise
      amounts held as lien against various facilities availed by group entities, including overdraft facilities and
      bank guarantees availed by the subsidiary OET, non-fund-based letter of credit facilities, working capital
      margin requirements, and debt service reserves amount, along with balances earmarked for securing Export
      Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) licenses.
(b) 	As on 31 March 2026, proceeds from Initial Public Offer (IPO) included in current accounts of INR 21 crores (31
     March 2025: INR 48 crores), in deposit accounts (with original maturity of less than 3 months) of INR 353 crores
     (31 March 2025: INR 110 crores) and in deposit accounts (with original maturity of more than three months but
     less than twelve months) of INR 251 crores (31 March 2025: INR 2,337 crores) and Earmarked deposits with
     banks of INR 497 crores (31 March 2025: Nil) (refer note 44).




192
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

14. SHARE CAPITAL
      Equity share capital and Instruments entirely equity in nature -                               As at               As at
14A
      Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS)                                     31 March 2026       31 March 2025
      Authorised
      4,796,626,443 (31 March 2025: 4,796,626,443) Ordinary Equity Shares of 10 each                 4,797               4,797
      Nil (31 March 2025: Nil) Class B Equity Shares of INR 10 each                                      -                   -
      438,162,753 (31 March 2025: 438,162,753) Series A Compulsorily Convertible                       438                 438
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      142,544,269 (31 March 2025: 142,544,269) Series A1 Compulsorily Convertible                      143                 143
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      847,075,656 (31 March 2025: 847,075,656) Series B Compulsorily Convertible                       847                 847
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      45,044,769 (31 March 2025: 45,044,769) Series C1 Compulsorily Convertible                         45                  45
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      240,823,765 (31 March 2025: 240,823,765) Series C Compulsorily Convertible                       241                 241
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      150,000,000 (31 March 2025: 150,000,000) Series D Compulsorily Convertible                       150                 150
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      1,658,222,230 (31 March 2025 : 1,658,222,230) Series E Compulsorily Convertible                1,658               1,658
      Preference Shares of 10 each
      Nil (31 March 2025: Nil) unclassified Shares of INR 10 each                                        -                  -
                                                                                                     8,319              8,319

      Equity shares of ₨ 10 each issued, subscribed and fully paid-up
      4,410,829,885 (31 March 2025 : 4,410,829,885) Ordinary Equity Shares of ₨ 10 each              4,411              4,411
                                                                                                     4,411              4,411




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    193
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                            All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

a.    Reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of reporting period

                                                                     As at 31 March 2026                   As at 31 March 2025

i. Equity shares of ₨ 10 each, fully paid-up                        Number of                            Number of
                                                                                       Amount
                                                                       shares                               shares             Amount
Ordinary Equity Shares
At the commencement of the year                                4,41,08,29,885              4,411 1,95,54,49,972                  1,955
Shares issued on conversion of CCPS (refer note b(ii)                       -                  - 1,73,16,22,286                  1,732
below)
Shares issued during the year                                               -                  -   72,37,57,627                    724
At the end of the year                                         4,41,08,29,885              4,411 4,41,08,29,885                  4,411



                                                                     As at 31 March 2026                  As at 31 March 2025
ii. Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each,        Number of
fully paid-up                                                                         Amount
                                                                       shares                     Number of shares             Amount
At the commencement of the year- Series A                                   -                 -     43,81,62,753                   438
At the commencement of the year- Series A1                                  -                 -     14,25,44,269                   143
At the commencement of the year- Series B                                   -                 -     84,70,75,656                   847
At the commencement of the year- Series C1                                  -                 -      4,50,44,769                    45
At the commencement of the year- Series C                                   -                 -    23,99,39,690                    240
At the commencement of the year- Series D                                   -                 -      9,69,28,809                     97
At the commencement of the year- Series E                                   -                 - 1,16,36,24,001                    1,163
Less: Converted to equity share capital during the year                     -                 - (2,97,33,19,947)                (2,973)
(refer note b(ii) below)
At the end of the year                                                      -                 -                    -                   -

b.    Rights, preference and restrictions attached to:

b.(i) Equity shares of ₨ 10 each

The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of INR 10 per share. Each holder of equity is
entitled to one vote per share. Dividends (including proposed dividends), if any, are declared and paid or proposed in
Indian rupees. The dividend proposed if any by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders
in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

On winding up of the Company, the holders of equity shares, subject to the provisions of articles of association
of the Company, will be entitled to receive the residual assets of the Company, remaining after distribution of all
preferential amounts, if any in proportion to the number of equity shares held.

b.(ii) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each

The Board of Directors of the Company vide its meeting held on 15 June 2024 had approved for the conversion
of 2,97,33,19,947 Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (Series A, Series A1, Series B, Series C, Series C1,
Series D & Series E), each with value of INR 10 to 1,73,16,22,286 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each.
The shareholders of the Company at their meeting held on 17 June 2024 had approved for the conversion of
2,97,33,19,947 Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (Series A, Series A1, Series B, Series C, Series C1, Series
D & Series E), each with value of INR 10 to 1,73,16,22,286 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each, out of which
1,54,55,37,269 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (Series C, C1, D, and E), each with value of INR 10 were
converted into 43,64,16,377 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each and balance 142,77,82,678 Compulsory
Convertible Preference Shares (Series A, Series A1 and Series B), each with value of INR 10 were converted into
129,52,05,909 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each as on on 19 July 2024.




194
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

c.   Share based payments

Terms attached to stock options granted to employees are described in note 41 on Employee’s share-based
payment plan.

d                                                                          As at 31 March 2026                     As at 31 March 2025
      Particulars of Equity shareholders holding more than
      5% of shares                                                       Number of                               Number of
                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                            shares                                  shares           Percentage
      Equity shares of INR 10 each, fully paid-up
      Ordinary Equity Shares
      Bhavish Aggarwal                                             1,22,74,99,575              27.83% 1,32,39,60,029                   30.02%
      OEM Employees Welfare Trust*                                   20,97,27,610               4.75%   23,22,64,916                    5.27%
      SVF II Ostrich (DE) LLC                                        59,51,20,650              13.49%   78,65,67,179                   17.83%

*Although percentage of holding is less than 5% in some of periods reported above, the number of shares and percentage holding have been disclosed
for comparison purpose.


e.   The Group has not done any buyback of shares in any of the preceding five years.

f.	The Group had issued 1,955,439,944 bonus shares in the ratio of 1,94,998:1 i.e.194,998 bonus shares of INR
    10 each for every fully paid-up equity shares and compulsory converted preference shares (CCPS) held on 23
    December 2021 (record date).

g.	Details of ordinary equity shares held by the Promoter

As at 31 March 2026

      Promoter Name        No. of shares as at 1     Change during the       No. of shares as at       % of total shares       % change during
                                     April 2025                   year          31 March 2026                                         the year
Bhavish Aggarwal         1,32,39,60,029            (9,64,60,454)          1,22,74,99,575           27.83%                  -2.19%

As at 31 March 2025

      Promoter Name       No. of shares as at 1      Change during the No. of shares as at 31          % of total shares   % change during the
                                    April 2024                    year          March 2025                                                year
Bhavish Aggarwal         1,36,18,75,240            (3,79,15,211)          1,32,39,60,029           30.02%                  -39.63%

h.	OEM Employee Welfare Trust holds 209,727,610 equity shares (31 March 2025: 232,264,916) of the Company
    for the purpose of issuance of equity shares to the holders of employee stock options under the share based
    payment plan “Employees’ Equity Linked Incentive Plan 2019”.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     195
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                         All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

14B. OTHER EQUITY

                                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                                  31 March 2026       31 March 2025
a     Items of other components of equity
      Opening balance                                                                                           -                (27)
       Conversion of Compulsorily convertible preference shares                                                 -                 27
      Closing balance (A)                                                                                       -                  -

      Reserves and Surplus
b     Securities premium
      Opening balance                                                                                      6,899                 919
      Exercise of share options (refer note 41)                                                              105                 121
      Addition during the year (refer Note 14A)                                                                -               4,776
      Transaction costs on issue share capital                                                                 -                (159)
      Employee discount on issue of equity shares                                                              -                   1
      Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14A(b)(ii))                         -               1,241
      Closing balance                                                                                      7,004               6,899

c     Share options outstanding account
      Opening balance                                                                                        174                 254
      Exercise of share options (refer note 41)                                                             (105)               (121)
      Share based payments expenses (refer note 41)                                                           56                  41
      Closing balance                                                                                        125                 174

d     Retained earnings
      Opening balance                                                                                     (6,347)             (4,056)
      Loss for the year                                                                                   (1,833)             (2,276)
      Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans                                                             6                  12
      Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14A(b)(ii))                         -                 (27)
      Closing balance                                                                                     (8,174)             (6,347)
      Total reserves and surplus (B)                                                                      (1,045)                726

      Items of other comprehensive income
e      xchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations
      E

      Opening balance                                                                                           6                   1
      Exchange differences on translation                                                                      17                   5
      Closing balance                                                                                          23                   6

f     Equity instruments through OCI
      Opening balance
      Fair value changes                                                                                      (38)                  -
      Closing balance                                                                                         (38)                  -

      Total Items of other comprehensive income (C)                                                           (15)                  6

      Total other equity (A+B+C)                                                                          (1,060)                732




196
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Nature and purpose of reserves
(i) 	Securities Premium: Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. It is utilised in
      accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
(ii) 	Other components of equity: Other components of equity represents derivative component of compulsorily
       convertible preference shares on the date of issuance of such preference shares and it has been transferred to
       retained earnings post conversion of CCPS into equity shares.
(iii) 	Share Options Outstanding Account: The Group has established equity-settled share-based payment plan
        for certain employees of the Group. The fair value of the equity-settled share based payment transactions is
        recognised in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss with corresponding credit to Employee Stock options
        outstanding Account.
(iv) 	Retained Earnings: Retained earnings are the profits / (losses) that the Group has made till date, less any
       transfers to general reserve, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. Retained earnings includes
       re-measurement loss / (gain) on defined benefit plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassified to Consolidated
       Statement of Profit and Loss. Retained earnings is a free reserve available to the Group and eligible for
       distribution to shareholders.
(v) 	Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations: This comprise of all
      exchange differences arising from translation of financial statements of foreign operations.
(vi) Equity instruments through OCI: The group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain
        investments in equity instruments in other comprehensive income. These changes are accumulated within the
        FVOCI equity investments within equity. The group transfers amounts there from to retained earnings when
        the relevant equity instruments are derecognised.

15. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                          31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
   Lease liabilities (refer note 37)                                                                 173                 313
                                                                                                     173                 313
Current
    Lease liabilities (refer note 37)                                                                114                 200
                                                                                                     114                 200

16. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                          31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
   Secured
       Term Loan from Bank (refer note 16 (i) (a) & (b))                                           1,188              1,394
       Non convertible debentures (refer note 16 (i) (c))                                              -                330
                                                                                                   1,188              1,724
Current
    Unsecured
        Loan from related party
            Loan repayable on demand (refer note 16 (i) (e) & 35)                                       0                   8
    Secured
        Working capital demand loan (refer note 16 (i) (e))                                          225                708
        Buyer's Credit (refer note 16 (i) (f))                                                         -                 23
        Current maturities of non current borrowings (refer note 16 (i) (a))                         409                 75
        Bank Overdraft (refer note 16 (i) (e))                                                       333                277
        Non convertible debentures (refer note 16 (i) (c))                                           321                236
                                                                                                   1,288              1,319

                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    197
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(i) Terms and repayment schedule
a) 	Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited (OET) has availed a long term loan (inclusive of letter of credit facility
     sanctioned amount INR 750 crores) from Bank of Baroda and Indian Bank for a tenure of ten years at an
     interest rate of 12.00% p.a (i.e. spread (3.00%) over - 1 - Year MCLR plus strategic premium (0.25%)) [31 March
     2025: interest rate of 10.10% p.a (i.e. spread (0.85%) over - 1 - Year MCLR plus strategic premium (0.25%))],
     repayable over 30 structured quarterly installments on the dates falling immediately after the moratorium
     period i.e. 31 December 2023 and the installments would be ending on 31 March 2031. For the year ended
     31 March 2026, these borrowings of OET were subject to financial covenant clauses requiring maintenance
     of specified financial ratios. OET did not comply with certain covenant requirements as at the reporting date
     and accordingly, the total outstanding amount of such borrowings as at 31 March 2026 amounted to INR 409
     crores (31 March 2025: INR 662 crores) has been classified as current maturities of non-current borrowings.
b) 	Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited (OCT) has availed a long term loan (sanctioned amount ₨1,910 crores)
       from State Bank of India (SBI), Indian Bank and EXIM Bank for a tenure of 11 years which is for door to door
       period from zero date (zero date - 31st January 2023) at an interest rate of 10.80% p.a i.e. spread (2.35%)
      over - 6 - Month MCLR on the date of Sanction letter. The loan is repayable after the moratorium period,
      over 30 structured quarterly installments from 30 June 2026 which is renegotiated to 30 June 2027.

      Effective Interest rate for SBI, Indian Bank, EXIM Bank long term loan facility as at 31 March 2026 - 11.55% p.a.
      (31 March 2025: 12.23% p.a).
c)    Non convertible debentures:
EvolutionX Debt Capital India Fund 1 (“EvolutionX Fund”) and/or its affiliates:
The Holding Company has raised INR 410 crores by way of issuing 41,000 Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures
(NCDs) at the face value of INR 1,00,000 each from EvolutionX Fund by paying upfront fees of 1.5% of facility amount
for a tenure of 36 months at an interest rate of 13% p.a on 21 March 2024 (date of drawdown) and is required to
pay additional interest of 1.25%, in case market capitalisation of the Company falls below threshold agreed in the
debenture trust deed .
As per the original agreement repayment structure for the Debentures issued were as follows:
-30% payable 36 months from the date of drawdown
-25% payable 30 months from the date of drawdown
-20% payable 24 months from the date of drawdown
-15% payable 18 months from the date of drawdown
-10% payable 12 months from the date of drawdown
As per the repayment structure the debenture is repayable by 22 March 2027. During the year the Company has
breached certain conditions of the debenture trust deed and subsequent to the year end the Company has obtained
waiver from the debenture holders and debenture trustees in relation to this breaches. As per the waiver letter
obtained, the Company is expected to repay these debentures in line with the conditions and timelines specified
therein, which cannot be extended beyond 17 July 2026.
The Holding Company has to pay redemption premium of 3% on facility amount as per above mentioned
repayment schedule.
Stride Ventures Debt Fund 3 (“Strides Fund”) and/or its affiliates:
The Company has raised INR 100 Crores by way of issuing 10,000 Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures(NCDs)
at the face value of INR 1,00,000 each from Strides Fund by paying upfront fees of 1% of facility amount for a tenure
of 30 months at an interest rate of 13% p.a on 15 May 2024 (date of drawdown).
The repayment structure for the Debentures issued is as follows:
-20% payable from 30 months from the date of drawdown
-15% payable from 27 months from the date of drawdown
-15% payable from 24 months from the date of drawdown



198
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

-15% payable from 21 months from the date of drawdown
-15% payable from 18 months from the date of drawdown
-10% payable from 15 months from the date of drawdown
-10% payable from 12 months from the date of drawdown
The Holding Company has to pay redemption premium of 1.5% on facility amount as per above mentioned
repayment schedule.
‘Alteria Capital India Fund II- Scheme I and/or Alteria Capital Fund III- Scheme A (“Alteria Fund”):
The Company has raised INR 100 Crores by way of issuing 10,000 Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures(NCDs)
at the face value of INR 1,00,000 each from Alteria Fund by paying upfront fees of 1% of facility amount for a tenure
of 30 months at an interest rate of 13.80% p.a on 24 June 2024 (date of drawdown).
The repayment structure for the Debentures issued by equal quarterly instalments commencing from 01 July 2025.
    ebenture Redemption Reserve: In accordance with Section 71 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Holding Company
c) D
   is required to create debenture redemption reserve amounting to 25% of the value of Redeemable debentures
   out of profits of the Holding Company. However, during the year ended 31 March 2026 and year ended 31 March
   2025, the Holding Company has not made any profits during the year, hence no amount has been transferred to
   the Debenture Redemption Reserve.
d) Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA has availed a short term loan from Ola USA Inc. at an interest rate of 7.44% p.a. (31
    March 2025: 8.40% p.a.) - spread (3%) over 1 year Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) of 0.05%. Interest is
    payable on half yearly basis as on 30 September and 31 March (due date). Additional Interest of 1% is payable if
    interest is not paid within 15 days of due date till the date of actual payment. The loan is repayable on demand.
e) OET has availed short term credit facilities in the form of working capital demand loan and bank overdraft to
    meet the working capital requirements of the Group. The working capital demand loan carries an interest at the
    rate of 8.80% p.a to 12.05% p.a. (31 March 2025 : 9.20% to 10.60% p.a.) and bank over draft carries an interest at
    the rate of 6.95% p.a to 9.20% p.a.(31 March 2025 : 9.10% to 9.25% p.a.) [refer note ((iv) & (v) below]. These are
    repayable on demand.
f) In relation to the Buyer’s credit, the amount represents bills discounted by OET against letter of credit facility. This
    amount is repayable by 28 days. Interest rate (bill discounting rate): 1M SOFR plus 45bps.

(ii) The term loan and buyer’s credit obligations are secured by:-

A.   A. LOANS AVAILED BY OLA ELECTRIC TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED- INR 409 CRORES (31 MARCH
     2025: INR 662 CRORES):

(a) F  irst exclusive charge by way of mortgage over the lease hold rights of the greenfield project land located at
      SIPCOT Industrial Area, Krishnagiri, Tamil Nadu (hereinafter referred to as ‘Project’) and building thereon in the
      books of OET;
(b) 	First pari passu charge and hypothecation over all movable and immovable/fixed properties and assets,
      including plant and machinery, machinery spares, tools and accessories, furniture, fixtures, vehicles and all
      other movable and fixed assets of OET in relation to the Project (including all capitalized expenditure), present
      and future;
(c) 	Second pari passu charge and hypothecation over all the Current Assets including but not limited to book
      debts, operating cash flows, receivables, commissions, revenues of whatsoever nature and wherever arising,
      present and future pertaining to the Project, of OET;
(d) 	First pari passu charge and hypothecation over all bank accounts of OET pertaining to the Project, both
      present and future, including but not limited to the Debt Service Reserve Accounts, the Escrow Account and
      any sub accounts thereunder and all rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever of OET in,
      to, under and in respect of all such bank accounts of OET pertaining to the Project, wherever maintained and
      all guarantees, letters of credit or other securities against which withdrawals from the said bank accounts have
      been permitted to be made;




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    199
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(e) 	first pari passu charge by way of hypothecation of/over all rights, titles, interests, benefits, claims and demands
       whatsoever of OET (both present and future) in, to and under:
      (i) 	all the Project Documents for the Project, duly acknowledged and consented to by the relevant counter-
            parties to such Project Documents (if required in terms thereof);
      (ii) all clearances relating to the Project;
      (iii)	
            any guarantees, including contractor guarantees (if any), liquidated damages, letters of credit or
            performance bonds indemnities or any other security that may be provided by any counter-party under
            any Project document in favour of OET (including any letter of credit for covering payments for average
            monthly billing, present and future; and
      (iv) 	all Insurance Contracts (including Loss Proceeds) procured by OET or procured by any of its contractors
             favoring OET for the Project, all as amended, varied or supplemented from time to time, present and future;
(f) 	An irrevocable and unconditional corporate guarantee from the Guarantor (Holding Company, Ola Electric
      Mobility Limited for the purpose of repayment/payment of Secured Obligations till the Final Settlement Date,
      in favour of the Security Trustee (acting for the benefit of the Lenders), in a form and substance satisfactory to
      the lenders/facility agent.
(g) 	First pari passu lien over the bank account of OET in which the funds required to service the Interest during
      moratorium period have been kept.

B. 	LOANS AVAILED BY OLA CELL TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE LIMITED- INR 1,217 CRORES (31 MARCH 2025: INR
      837 CRORES):

(a) 	first ranking pari passu charge (with 20 GWh Facility Lenders) by way of mortgage on the entire immovable
       assets of the OCT (Borrower), both present and future, including mortgage of leasehold rights on the
       Mortgaged Land.
(b) 	first ranking pari passu charge (with 20 GWh Facility Lenders) by way of hypothecation of entire movable
      assets of the Borrower, both present and future, including movable plant and machineries, spares, tools and
      accessories, furniture, fixtures, vehicles, and all other movable properties of whatsoever nature.
(c) 	First ranking pari passu charge (with 5 GWh Facility Lenders) by way of hypothecation on the entire cash flow
      in 5 GWh (gross 5.9 GWh) green-field project (Gigafactory) for manufacturing Advanced Chemistry Cell (ACC)
      battery for Electrical Vehicle at Krishnagiri, Tamilnadu (The Project).
(d) 	first ranking pari passu charge (with 5 GWh Facility Lenders) by way of hypothecation on TRA (and all amounts
      deposited therein) of the Project and all other accounts whether now or in future, to be used for routing debt
      and equity proceeds during Construction Period of the Project and revenue proceeds post COD.
(e) 	first ranking pari passu charge (with 5 GWh Facility Lenders) by way of hypothecation on DSRA maintained/to
      be maintained for debt servicing of the Project.
(f) 	first ranking pari passu charge / assignment (with 20 GWh Facility Lenders) on all the intangible assets of the
      Borrower, including but not limited to goodwill and uncalled capital, intellectual property, both present and
      future, to the extent assignable / chargeable.
(g) 	first ranking pari passu charge (with 20 GWh Facility Lenders) by way of assignment or creation of Security
      Interest in all the rights, titles, interests, benefits, bonds, Clearances, Insurance Contracts, Insurance
      Proceeds, performance guarantees, claims whatsoever of the Borrower under the Project Documents to the
      extent assignable.
(h) 	first ranking pari passu charge (with other Rupee Lenders of the Project) by way of pledge of the Pledged
      Securities and a non-disposal undertaking of the residual 49% of Equity Shares infused by the Promoter into
      the Borrower by way of funding of Promoter Contribution, in each case, until Pledge Release Date.
(i) 	second ranking pari passu charge (with 20 GWh Facility Lenders) on the current assets of OCT. Provided that
      first ranking pari passu charge by way Of hypothecation on all Borrower’s current assets of the Project, both
      present and future to be created in favor of the Working Capital Lenders.
(j) 	and an unconditional and irrevocable Corporate Guarantee by the Promoter (Ola Electric Mobility Limited).



200
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(iii) The debentures are secured by:
EVOLUTIONX FUND- INR 226 CRORES (31 MARCH 2025: INR 369 CRORES)

(a)	first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Fixed Assets;
(b) 	first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands whatsoever
      (both present and future) of the Company in, to, under and in respect of the Charged Accounts Assets;
(c) 	first ranking pari passu floating charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
      (both present and future) over the Current Assets; and
(d) 	first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
      (both present and future) over the Intellectual Property Assets.
(e) 	Post Listing, a share pledge and Non disposal undertaking (NDU) + Power of Attorney (POA) by the OEM in OET
      as specified below:

Holding Company Market Capitalisation (USD Million)                                    Pledge of OET NDU+PoA of OET
>5,500                                                                                        5.00%           0.00%
5,000-5,500                                                                                   5.00%           0.00%
4,000-5,000                                                                                   5.00%           0.00%
3,500-4,000                                                                                   5.00%           0.71%
3,000-3,500                                                                                   5.00%           1.67%
2,500-3,000                                                                                   5.00%           3.00%
<3,000                                                                                        Early Redemption Event


Strides Fund- INR 50 crores (31 March 2025: INR 100 crores)
(a) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Fixed Assets;
(b) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands whatsoever (both
     present and future) of the Company in, to, under and in respect of the Charged Accounts Assets;
(c) first ranking pari passu floating charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Current Assets; and
(d) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Intellectual Property Assets.
(e) 10% of the investment amount to be maintained with the Strides fund as DSRA which will be released at the end
     of tenor.
Alteria Fund- INR 43 crores (31 March 2025: INR 100 crores)							
First ranking pari-passu charge on Company’s existing, future, fixed, non-current and current assets, including any
and all Intellectual Property and the Intellectual Property Rights with respect to these movables present and future,
accounts, cash flows, receivables, book debts, revenues, equipment, inventory, contract rights or rights to payment
of money, teases, license agreements, franchise agreements, goodwill, uncalled capital, general intangibles,
documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash,
deposit accounts, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing),
securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, whether installed or not and whether now lying loose or in cases or held by any party to the
order or disposition of the Company, including in the course of transits, whether in ship or land as enlisted below,
and all Company’s books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above
and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements,
products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   201
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(iv) Working capital demand loan are secured by:

A.    YES BANK - INR 75 CRORES (31 MARCH 2025: INR 145 CRORES)

       (a) First pari-passu charge on present and future current assets.
      (b) Fixed Deposit margin of 10% of the sanctioned amount.
      (c) Corporate Guarantee of the Guarantor (Holding Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited).
      (d) 	Second pari passu charge on the lease hold rights of the project land located in SIPCOT Industrial area,
            Krishnagiri, Tamil nadu.
      (e) 	Second pari passu charge on all movable and immovable plant and machinery (both present and future of
            the Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited (including all capitalised expenditure) in relation to the project
B.    AXIS BANK - INR 150 CRORES (31 MARCH 2025: INR 150 CRORES)

       (a) 	First pari-passu charge on current assets and Second pari passu charge on all movable/ immovable fixed
             assets and second pari passu charge way of mortgage over the lease hold rights of the project land of Ola
             Electric Technologies Private Limited (subsidiary).
      (b) Cash margin of 25% Fixed Deposit for a tenor to be equal to or greater than facility tenor.
      (c) 	Corporate Guarantee of the Guarantor (Holding Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited).
C.    BANK OF BARODA- NIL (31 MARCH 2025: INR 413 CRORES)
      (a) 	First pari passu charge on the current assets of Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited (subsidiary)
            including receivables (both present and future).
      (b) 	Second pari passu charge on the lease hold rights of the project land of Ola Electric Technologies Private
            Limited (subsidiary) located in SIPCOT Industrial area, Krishnagiri, Tamil nadu .
      (c) 	Second pari passu charge on all movable and immovable plant and machinery (both present and future) of
            Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited (including all capitalised expenditure) in relation to the project.
      (d) 	Corporate Guarantee of the Guarantor (Holding Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited).

(v) Bank overdraft from Axis Bank is :-
    A. Axis Bank - ₨ 184 crores (31 March 2025: ₨ 277 crores)
      (a) Fixed Deposits from Holding Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited, with bank’s lien noted thereon
      (b) 	Corporate Guarantee of the Guarantor (Holding Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited).
      B. Yes Bank - ₨ 149 crores (31 March 2025: Nil)
      (a) Fixed Deposit margin of 105% of the sanctioned amount.

(vi) Buyer’s credit from Bank of Baroda is secured by:-

      (a)   Fixed Deposit margin of 10% of the sanctioned amount.

      (b) 	Corporate Guarantee of the Guarantor (Holding Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited).

17.   PROVISIONS

                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
   Provision for employee benefits
       Provision for gratuity (refer note 34)                                                            10                  11
       Other Provisions
       Provision for warranties*                                                                         63                 180




202
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                                            73                   191
current
    Provision for employee benefits
        Provision for gratuity (refer note 34)                                                                               2                     1
        Provision for compensated absences (refer note 34)                                                                  10                    13
    Other Provisions
        Provision for warranties*                                                                                          105                  160
                                                                                                                           117                  174



Movement of Provision for Warranties*                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                                               31 March 2026           31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                       340                   159
Provision made during the year                                                                                              59                   555
Reversed during the year                                                                                                     -                    (5)
Utilised during the year                                                                                                  (231)                 (369)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                             168                   340

*A provision is created for expected warranty claims in respect of products sold during the period on the basis of technical evaluation, internal test
results, studies and management estimate regarding failure trends of products and cost of rectification or replacement. .


18.    TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                                                        As at                   As at
                                                                                                               31 March 2026           31 March 2025
Total Outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 36)                                          116                  142
Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises*                                    563                  809
                                                                                                                           679                  951

* Trade payables includes payable to related parties (refer note 35)

Undisputed trade payables ageing from due date of payment as at 31 March 2026

                                                                  Outstanding for following periods from the due date of payment
Particulars
                                                          Not due         < 1 year       1-2 years       2-3 years        > 3 years             Total
Dues to micro and small enterprises                             26             80                 7               3                -             116
Dues to Creditors other than micro and                          85            216                 5               2                -             308
small enterprises
Total                                                         111             296               12                5                -             424
Accrued expenses                                                                                                                                 255
                                                                                                                                                 679

Undisputed trade payables ageing from due date of payment as at 31 March 2025
                                                                  Outstanding for following periods from the due date of payment
Particulars
                                                          Not due         < 1 year       1-2 years       2-3 years        > 3 years             Total
Dues to micro and small enterprises                            44              95                 3               -                -             142
Dues to Creditors other than micro and                        162             190                 2               -                -             354
small enterprises
Total                                                         206             285                5                -                -             496
Accrued expenses                                                                                                                                 455
                                                                                                                                                 951




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                      203
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

19.    OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                       As at               As at
                                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Current
    Payable to related parties (refer note 35)#                                                                          319                  380
    Creditors for capital goods ##                                                                                       130                  183
    Accrued salaries and benefits                                                                                         60                   57
    Refund obligation towards customers*                                                                                  11                   11
    Forward contracts                                                                                                      0                    1
    Other payables                                                                                                        10                   12
                                                                                                                         530                  644

# Includes purchase consideration payable on account of business acquired from Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited of INR 73 Crores (31 March
2025: INR 108 Crores) and amount cross charged by related parties towards reimbursement of expenses.

## Includes amount payable to micro enterprise and small enterprise INR 20 crores (31 March 2025: INR 28 crores).

* Prior to 31 March 2023, the Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited (‘OEM’) was selling the off-board chargers of Ola scooters separately as an
accessory. Effective 31 March 2023, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited (‘OET’) has included the off-
board chargers to be sold as part of the scooters.

Based on various discussions, OET on its own volition has decided to reimburse the price of the off-board chargers aggregating to around INR 145
crores (31 March 2025: INR 145 crores), to all eligible customers who had bought the same as an accessory at the time of purchasing the Ola scooters
from inception. The total amount payable towards reimbursement to customers as on 31 March 2026 is INR 11 crores (31 March 2025: INR 11 crores).

Since the off-board chargers were sold by OEM, the refund obligation towards sale of off-board chargers to the eligible customers has been created
in OEM with a corresponding receivable from OET as OET has agreed to reimburse these amounts.


20.    OTHER LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                       As at               As at
                                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-current
   Deferred Grant*                                                                                                        89                   91
   Deferred revenue                                                                                                       65                   59
                                                                                                                         154                  150
Current
    Statutory liabilities                                                                                                  9                   27
    Deferred Grant*                                                                                                       14                   18
    Deferred revenue                                                                                                      34                   22
    Unearned revenue                                                                                                      32                  123
    Advance received from customers                                                                                       32                   76
                                                                                                                         121                  266

* In relation to Tamil Nadu state incentive, refer note 8(b)- other financial assets


21.    REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS

                                                                                                                 For the year        For the year
                                                                                                                       ended               ended
                                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Revenue from contracts with customers
    Sale of Finished Products (refer note A)                                                                           1,899               3,893
    Sale of Traded Goods                                                                                                  73                  87
    Sale of services                                                                                                      89                  18
                                                                                                                       2,061               3,998




204
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Other operating revenues
    Government incentive (refer note B)                                                              96                  390
    Vendor handling charges                                                                          48                   99
    Subscription income                                                                              26                   18
    Sale of Scrap                                                                                    11                    8
    Extended warranty services                                                                       10                    0
    Other revenue                                                                                     1                    1
                                                                                                    192                  516
Total revenue from operations                                                                     2,253                4,514

(A) During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Ministry of Heavy Industries pursuant to Notification No. 1(1)/2024-
     AEI (28077) dated 29 October 2025 have provided an extension to the companies to file its past unclaimed
     amount within a specified period. Pursuant to this, the Company has received and has recognized a revenue
     of INR 18 crores with respect to EMPS-2024 and PM E-DRIVE schemes related to previous year which was not
     recognized earlier due to various operational reasons.
(B) In relation to Government incentive, refer note 8(b)- other financial assets and refer note 30.

                                                                                            For the year        For the year
Details of revenue from contracts with customers                                                  ended               ended
                                                                                         31 March 2026       31 March 2025
(i) Sale of products (finished goods and traded goods)
		Finished goods
			Vehicles                                                                                       1,848                3,893
			Software                                                                                          51                    -

             Traded goods
             Spare parts                                                                             65                   73
             Accessories                                                                              8                   14
                                                                                                  1,972                3,980

(i) Sale of service
		Commission income                                                                                  64                    -
		Other services                                                                                     25                   18
                                                                                                     89                   18
                                                                                                  2,061                3,998

a)   Disaggregated revenue information
                                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Revenue by geography
    India                                                                                         2,061                3,998
    Other countries                                                                                   -                    -
                                                                                                  2,061                3,998

b)   Contract balances
                                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Trade receivables (refer note 12)                                                                    31                     9
Contract liabilities




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     205
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

      Deferred revenue (refer note 20)                                                                    99                   81
      Unearned revenue (refer note 20)                                                                    32                  123
      Advance received from customers (refer note 20)                                                     32                   76

(c) Reconciliation of revenue recognised with contract price
                                                                                            For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Revenue as per contracted price                                                                        2,043                3,998
Adjustments for:
     EMPS-2024 and PM E-DRIVE schemes (refer note 21A)                                                    18                    -
Total Revenue from contracts with customers                                                            2,061                3,998


(d) 	Revenue recognised in the below mentioned period out of the closing balance of the immediately preceding
      financial period
                                                                                            For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Contract liabilities
Deferred revenue from extended warranty services (refer note 20)                                          21                    0
Unearned Revenue                                                                                         121                  175
Advance received from customer                                                                            63                  184
                                                                                                         205                  359

(e) Timing of revenue recognition
                                                                                            For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Products and services transferred at a point in time                                                   2,217                4,496
Services transferred over time                                                                            36                   18
                                                                                                       2,253                4,514

22.    OTHER INCOME
                                                                                            For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Interest income under the effective interest method on financial assets carried at
amortised cost
    Bank deposits                                                                                        151                  249
    Security deposit                                                                                       6                    4
    Financial asset (Government grant)*                                                                    9                   10
Income on financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss
    Net gain on disposal of mutual fund units                                                               0                    1
Other non-operating income
    Provision no longer required written back                                                              -                   16
    Net exchange gain on foreign exchange fluctuations, net                                                1                    -
    Government incentive*                                                                                 21                   26
    Commission income                                                                                      -                  109
    Gain on Derecognition of leases                                                                       17                    2
    Miscellaneous income                                                                                   2                    1
                                                                                                         207                  418

* In relation to Government incentive, refer note 8(b)- other financial assets




206
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                             All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

23. COST OF MATERIALS CONSUMED
                                                                    For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                        31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Inventory at the beginning of the year                                           460                  361
Add: Purchases                                                                   999                3,699
Less: Inventory at the end of the year                                          (157)                (460)
                                                                               1,302                3,600


24. PURCHASE OF STOCK-IN-TRADE
                                                                    For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                        31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Purchase of Stock-in trade                                                        50                   99
                                                                                  50                   99


25. CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF FINISHED GOODS, STOCK-IN TRADE AND WORK-IN-PROGRESS
                                                                    For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                        31 March 2026        31 March 2025
At the beginning of the year
    Work-in progress                                                               -                   68
    Finished goods                                                               300                  243
    Spare parts                                                                    7                    3
    Stock-in-trade                                                                 3                    5
                                                                                 310                  319
At the end of the year
    Work-in progress                                                               -                    -
    Finished goods                                                                94                  300
    Spare parts                                                                    2                    7
    Stock-in-trade                                                                 3                    3
                                                                                  99                  310
Change in inventories
   Work-in progress                                                                -                    68
   Finished goods                                                                206                   (57)
   Spare parts                                                                     5                    (4)
   Stock-in-trade                                                                  -                     2
                                                                                 211                     9


26. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSE
                                                                    For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                        31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Salaries, wages and bonus                                                        195                  353
Contribution to provident fund and other funds                                    16                   19
Gratuity (refer note 34)                                                           4                   10
Compensated absences (refer note 34)                                              11                    5
Equity settled share based payments (refer note 41)                               41                   35
Staff welfare expenses                                                            27                   41
                                                                                 294                  463




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     207
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

27.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Interest expense on
     Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost:
         - Borrowings                                                               311                  327
         - Loans from related parties                                                 0                    0
         - Lease liabilities                                                         35                   28
         Defined benefits obligation                                                  1                    1
         Other borrowing costs                                                       13                   10
                                                                                    360                  366


28. DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE
                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (refer note 4A)                       333                  285
Depreciation of right of use asset (refer note 5)                                   181                  136
Amortisation of intangible assets (refer note 6A)                                   170                  145
                                                                                    684                  566


29. OTHER EXPENSES
                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Warranties                                                                           59                  555
Manpower supply charges                                                             224                  261
Freight and forwarding charges                                                      113                  210
Technology cost                                                                     170                  190
Advertising, marketing and sales promotion                                           97                  146
Research cost                                                                       235                  127
Legal and professional fees                                                          72                  111
Rent and warehouse expenses                                                          72                   84
Travelling and conveyance                                                            50                   68
Power and Fuel                                                                       42                   56
Office maintenance expenses                                                          27                   43
Vehicle repair services                                                              18                   40
Consumables                                                                          26                   38
Repairs and maintenance                                                              14                   21
Impairment of intangible assets under development                                     -                   20
Payment gateway charges                                                               7                   18
Security expenses                                                                    13                   12
Selling and distribution expenses                                                     9                   12
Rates and taxes                                                                      59                   15
Insurance                                                                            13                    7
Net exchange loss on foreign exchange fluctuations                                    6                    4
Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net                               14                    4
Auditor's remuneration (refer below)                                                  6                    3
Donations                                                                             1                    3
Provision on receivables from government authorities                                  1                    2
Provision on security deposits                                                        2                    -



208
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                              For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                                  31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Remuneration to Non Executive Directors                                                                                      -                    2
Government incentive no longer recoverable                                                                                  15                    -
Miscellaneous expenses                                                                                                      23                   30
                                                                                                                         1,388                2,082


Payment to auditors includes                                                                                  For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                                  31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Audit fees (excluding taxes)                                                                                                  3                    2
IPO expenses*                                                                                                                 -                    2
Limited review and Certification services                                                                                     2                    1
Reimbursement of expenses                                                                                                     1                    0
                                                                                                                              6                    5

* represents amount incurred towards proposed initial public offer which is receivable in nature (refer note 44).


30. EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
                                                                                                              For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                                  31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Production linked incentive revenue reversal (refer note a)                                                                   -                  23
                                                                                                                              -                  23

(a) For the year ended 31 March 2025, Exceptional item of INR 23 Crores was on account of reversal of production linked incentive accrued in the year
     ended 31 March 2024. The reversal is consequent to issuance of the final Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) by the Ministry of Heavy Industries
     in which the period of eligible sales for incentive computation had amended from application date of DVA/AAT the related underlying products.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                      209
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                        All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - FAIR VALUES AND RISK MANAGEMENT

A.     ACCOUNTING CLASSIFICATIONS AND FAIR VALUES
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in the fair value
hierarchy:

As at 31 March 2026


                                                                        Financial assets/
                                                                            liabilities                                      Fair value

                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                    through
                                                                 Fair value             other
                                                                  through           compre-        Total
                                                       Amortised profit and          hensive    carrying
                                               Note         cost        loss         income        value     Level 1     Level 2    Level 3       Total
Assets
Financial assets not measured at
fair value
Cash and cash equivalents                         13          421              -            -       421             -          -           -          -
Other bank balances                               13        1,121              -            -     1,121             -          -           -          -
Trade receivables                                 12           31              -            -        31             -          -           -          -
Other financial assets                             8          578              -            -       578             -          -           -          -
Total financial assets                                      2,151                                 2,151

Liabilities
Financial liabilities not measured at
fair value
Borrowings                                        16        2,476              -            -     2,476             -          -           -          -
Lease liabilities                                 15          287              -            -       287             -          -           -          -
Trade payables                                    18          679              -            -       679             -          -           -          -
Other financial liabilities                       19          530              -            -       530             -          -           -          -

Financial Liabilities measured at fair
value
Forward exchange contracts                       19             -             0             -         0                        0                      0
Total financial liabilities                                 3,972             0             -     3,972             -          0           -          0




210
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

As at 31 March 2025

                                                            Financial assets/liabilities                            Fair value

                                                                            Fair value
                                                                             through
                                                          Fair value             other
                                                           through                            Total
                                                                             compre-
                                                Amortised profit and                       carrying
                                                                              hensive
                                         Note        cost        loss         income          value   Level 1   Level 2    Level 3      Total
Assets
Financial assets not measured at
fair value
Cash and cash equivalents                 13         339              -              -         339          -          -         -          -
Other bank balances                       13       3,177              -              -       3,177          -          -         -          -
Trade receivables                         12           9              -              -           9          -          -         -          -
Other financial assets                     8       1,579              -              -       1,579          -          -         -          -

Financial assets measured at
fair value
Investments in mutual funds                7            -             2             -            2         2          -          -         2
Investments in preference                  7            -             -            38           38         -         38          -        38
instruments
                                                   5,104              2            38       5,144          2         38          -        40
Liabilities
Financial liabilities not measured at
fair value
Borrowings                                16       3,043              -              -       3,043          -          -         -          -
Lease liabilities                         15         513              -              -         513          -          -         -          -
Trade payables                            18         951              -              -         951          -          -         -          -
Other financial liabilities               19         643              -              -         643          -          -         -          -

Financial Liabilities measured at fair
value
Forward exchange contracts                19           -              1              -          1                     1                     1
                                                   5,150              1              -      5,151           -         1          -          1


FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
The section explains the judgement and estimates made in determining the fair value of the financial instruments
that are:

a)   recognised and measured at fair value.

b) 	measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the consolidated financial statements.
      To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified
      its financial instruments into three levels as mentioned under Indian accounting standards.
Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. This category consists of
          quoted equity share, quoted debt instruments and mutual fund investments. The fair values of investments
          in units of mutual fund are based on the Net Asset Value (NAV) as per the fund statement ;
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation
          techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific
          estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
          included in level 2. This includes preference shares investments at cost as an appropriate estimate of
          fair value.
Level 3: Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
There are no changes in fair value hierarchy during the previous period.
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    211
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Financial assets:
The Group has not disclosed the fair values of Cash and cash equivalents including other bank balances, trade
receivables and other financial assets because their carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of their
fair value.

FINANCIAL LIABILITIES:

Borrowings:
It includes term Loan, working capital demand loan, buyer’s credit, bank overdraft (current and non-current
borrowings). Current and non-current borrowings are measured at amortised cost. The carrying amounts of the
current and non current borrowings would be a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

Trade Payables and Other financial liabilities:
The Group has not disclosed the fair values of trade payables and other financial liabilities because their carrying
amounts are a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

B. MEASUREMENT OF FAIR VALUES
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:
The fair value of investment in units of unquoted mutual funds is determined by reference to their prevailing net
asset values and the investments in preference shares at cost as an appropriate estimate of fair value.
The carrying amount of trade payables, trade receivables, current borrowings, other financial liabilities and other
financial assets (current), measured at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements, are considered to
be the same as their fair values, due to their short term nature.

FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, market risks, credit risks and liquidity risks.

RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK
The Group’s Board of Directors have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s
risk management framework. The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the
risks faced by the Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits.
Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the
Group’s activities. The Group, through its training and management standards and procedures, aims to maintain a
disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand their roles and responsibilities.

C. CREDIT RISK
Credit risk is managed by the Group through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring
the creditworthiness of customers to which the Group grants credit terms in the normal course of business. The
Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt
investments measured at FVOCI and contract assets.

FINANCIAL ASSETS THAT ARE NEITHER PAST DUE NOR IMPAIRED
Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, investments (other than those carried at cost) and other bank balances
are neither past due nor impaired. Cash and cash equivalents include short-term highly liquid fixed deposits with
banks having a maturity of less than three months.
“Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances is limited as the Group generally invests in term
deposits with banks. Further, credit risk on investments is also limited since the Group primarily invests in liquid
mutual fund units having high credit rating.
In investment in preferential instruments and other financial assets that are not past dues and not impaired, there
were no indication of default in repayment as at the period end. The Group has provided for the financial assets
based on the best estimate.




212
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Sales to other than related parties are received in advance and sales made through e-commerce aggregators,
payment for the vehicle is collected from the aggregator within 6 months after the successful delivery of vehicle
to the customer, hence there are no credit default risk. Trade receivables are restricted within India for which there
are no credit risk perceived and hence no provision for receivables are considered and accordingly ECL disclosure
are not given for the same. The Group has used a practical expedient and analysed the recoverable amount of
receivables on an individual basis by computing the expected loss allowance for financial assets based on historical
credit loss experience.

D. LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its financial
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach when managing
liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they
are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to
the Group’s reputation. The Group believes that the working capital is sufficient to meet its current requirements.
Accordingly, no significant liquidity risk is perceived (Read along with note 2.6).
As of 31 March 2026, the Group had a working capital of INR 402 crores (31 March 2025: INR 3,107 crores) which
represents surplus arising out of balance primarily held in cash and cash equivalents of INR 421 crores (31 March
2025: INR 339 crores), other bank balances of INR 1,121 crores (31 March 2025: INR 3,177 crores) and bank deposits
included in other current financial assets of INR 6 crores (31 March 2025: INR 525 crores). Out of this, INR 1,122
crores (31 March 2025: INR 2,823 crores) crores are pertaining to IPO Funds which can be used for the purpose as
specified in the Prospectus.
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as of 31
March 2026:
The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual interest payments
                                                                     Less than                      More than
                                           Note Carrying value          1 year     1 to 5 year        5 years              Total
Loan from related party                      16              0              0              -                 -                0
Borrowings                                   16          2,476          1,288          1,236               674            3,198
Lease liabilities                            15            287            140            199                 -              339
Trade payables                               18            679            679              -                 -              679
Other financial liabilities                  19            530            530              -                 -              530
                                                         3,972          2,637          1,435               674            4,746

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as of
31 March 2025:
The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual interest payments
                                                                     Less than                      More than
                                           Note Carrying value          1 year     1 to 5 year        5 years              Total
Loan from related party                      16              0              0              -                 -                0
Borrowings                                   16          3,043          1,456          2,065               291            3,812
Lease liabilities                            15            513            240            343                 -              583
Trade payables                               18            951            951              -                 -              951
Other financial liabilities                  19            644            644              -                 -              644
                                                         5,151          3,291          2,408               291            5,990




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    213
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                           All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

E. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT :
For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, total equity includes issued equity capital, instruments entirely
in nature of equity, securities premium and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders. The primary
objective of the Group’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder value. The Group manages its capital
structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions. The Group monitors capital using a
gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by total equity.

Particulars                                                                                                  As at                As at
                                                                                                    31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Total Liabilities                                                                                            4,437               5,932
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               (421)               (339)
Less: Other bank balances                                                                                   (1,121)             (3,177)
Less: Bank deposits (lncluded in other current financial assets)                                                (6)               (525)
Add: Funds related to IPO (refer note 8 and 13)                                                              1,122               2,823
Adjusted Net Debt                                                                                            4,011               4,714
Total Equity                                                                                                 3,351               5,143
Adjusted Total Equity                                                                                        3,351               5,143
Net Debt to adjusted equity ratio                                                                             1.20                0.92


F.   MARKET RISK
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of
changes in market prices. Market prices comprises two types of risk: interest rate risk and currency rate risk.
Financial instruments affected by market risks include loans and borrowings, deposits, investments and foreign
currency receivables and payables.

(i) Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates
primarily to the Group’s borrowing with floating interest rates. The Group constantly monitors the credit markets
and rebalances its financing strategies to achieve an optimal maturity profile and financing cost.

As at 31 March 2026

                                                                                                      Non-interest
Particulars                                                    Floating Rate         Fixed Rate
                                                                                                          bearing Total borrowings
                                                                 Borrowings         Borrowings
                                                                                                       borrowings
Financial Liabilities (Borrowings)                                    1,597                879                    -              2,476


As at 31 March 2025

                                                                                                      Non-interest
Particulars                                                    Floating Rate         Fixed Rate           bearing
                                                                 Borrowings         Borrowings         borrowings Total borrowings
Financial Liabilities (Borrowings)                                    1,469              1,574                    -              3,043



SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS ON FLOATING RATE BORROWINGS:
Particulars                                                                As at 31 March 2026            As at 31 March 2025
                                                            Impact on Profit                       Impact on Profit or       Impact on
                                                             or (loss) before        Impact on       (loss) before tax      equity, net
                                                                          tax equity, net of tax                                 of tax
1% increase                                                             (16)                (12)                (15)                (11)
1% decrease                                                              16                  12                  15                   11




214
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS ON FIXED RATE BORROWINGS:
Particulars                                                             As at 31 March 2026            As at 31 March 2025
                                                        Impact on Profit                         Impact on Profit or     Impact on
                                                         or (loss) before        Impact on         (loss) before tax    equity, net
                                                                      tax equity, net of tax                                 of tax
1% increase                                                           (9)                  (7)               (16)               (12)
1% decrease                                                            9                    7                 16                  12
Interest rate sensitivity has been calculated assuming the borrowings outstanding at reporting date have been
outstanding for the entire reporting year.

(ii) Foreign Currency risk
The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency
transactions, primarily with respect to USD, GBP, Euro, JPY and CNY. Foreign exchange risk arises from future
commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Group’s
functional currency. The functional currency of the Group is the Indian Rupee (₨).
The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 1% increase and decrease in the INR against the relevant
foreign currencies. (+)(-) 1% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key
management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign
exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items
and adjusts their translation at the period end for a 1% change in foreign currency rates. A positive number below
indicates an increase in loss or decrease in equity where the Rs. weakens 1% against the relevant currency. For a 1%
strengthening of the Rs. against the relevant currency, there would be a comparable impact on the profit or equity
(and hence not separately disclosed), and the balances below would be negative. Impact of sensitivity on equity is
not material and hence not disclosed.
Unhedged foreign currency exposure
Particulars                                                     USD         GBP        EURO            CNY             JPY
Trade payables
As at 31 March 2026 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)     -           -          -               7,69,570        -
As at 31 March 2026 (in functional currency, INR crores)        -           -          -               1               -
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR crores)                -           -          -               0               -
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR crores)                -           -          -               (0)             -

As at 31 March 2025 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)     8,187       -          -               7,69,570        -
As at 31 March 2025 (in functional currency, INR crores)        0           -          -               1               -
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR crores)                0           -          -               0               -
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR crores)                (0)         -          -               (0)             -

The Group entered into derivative instruments not in hedging relationship by way of foreign exchange forward
contracts .
The Group has 2 forward exchange contracts in USD 9,981,488; 2 Forward exchange contract in GBP 273,363; 2
forward exchange contract in EUR 299,774; 1 forward exchange contract in CNY 26,050; aggregating to INR 102
crores as at 31 March 2026.
The Group has 5 forward exchange contracts in USD 16,985,227; 3 Forward exchange contract in GBP 173,135; 3
forward exchange contract in EUR 1,005,870; aggregating to INR 158 crores as at 31 March 2025.
The above sensitivity analysis is based on a reasonably possible change in the underlying foreign currency against
the Indian Rupee computed from historical data and is representative of the foreign exchange currency risk inherent
in financial assets and financial liabilities reported at the reporting date.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    215
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                              All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

32.	ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PURSUANT TO PARAGRAPH 2 OF DIVISIONS II OF SCHEDULE III TO THE
     COMPANIES ACT, 2013 ‘GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS’

As at/ For the year ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                                           Share in other                  Share in total
                                          Net assets                 Share in Profit/(Loss)             comprehensive income             comprehensive loss
                                                                                                           As % of                         As % of
                                                                                                      consolidated                    consolidated
Name of the entity                     As % of                        As % of                                other                            total
                                  consolidated                   consolidated                       comprehensive                   comprehensive
                                    net assets     Amount        profit or loss      Amount                income      Amount                  loss    Amount


Parent
Ola Electric Mobility Limited             326          10,922                6           (113)                253          (38)                  8            (151)

Indian subsidiaries
Ola Electric Technologies                  26            874                80         (1,439)                 (33)            5                78      (1,434)
Private Limited
Ola Electric Charging Private               0              5                 0                0                  -              -                0               0
Limited
Ola Cell Technologies Private              47           1,563               17           (319)                  (7)            1                17            (318)
Limited

Foreign subsidiaries
Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA             1             18                  0               (2)              (13)            2                 0               -
Ola Electric Mobility B.V.,                 6            202                  0               2              (200)             30               (2)            32
Netherlands
Etergo B.V., Netherlands                    0              6                  0               (1)               (7)             1                0               0
Etergo Operations B.V.,                     0              (0)                0               0                  0              0                0               0
Netherlands
Ola Electric UK Private Limited             4            122                  0               (8)            (100)             15                0               7
Ola Electric Technologies B.V.,             0              0                  0               0                  0              0                0               0
Netherlands
EIA Trading (Shanghai)                       -              -                 -                -                 -              -                 -              -
Company Limited, China

Adjustments arising out of               (310)     (10,361)                  (3)              47              207          (31)                 (1)            16
consolidation
Total                                     100           3,351             100         (1,833)                 100          (15)               100       (1,848)




216
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                               All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated



As at/ For the year ended 31 March 2025

                                                                                                            Share in other                   Share in total
                                          Net assets                 Share in Profit/(Loss)              comprehensive income              comprehensive loss
                                                                                                            As % of                          As % of
                                                                                                       consolidated                     consolidated
Name of the entity                     As % of                        As % of                                 other                             total
                                  consolidated                   consolidated                        comprehensive                    comprehensive
                                    net assets     Amount        profit or loss      Amount                 income      Amount                   loss    Amount


Parent
Ola Electric Mobility Limited             214          11,017                2                (40)                6             1                  2             (39)

Indian subsidiaries
Ola Electric Technologies                  26           1,325               91         (2,063)                  65              11                92      (2,052)
Private Limited
Ola Electric Charging Private               0               6                0                 (1)                -              -                  -             (1)
Limited
Ola Cell Technologies Private              32           1,670                8           (192)                    -              -                 8            (192)
Limited

Foreign subsidiaries
Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA             0             19                  1               (22)               (6)            (1)                1             (23)
Ola Electric Mobility B.V.,                 3            169                  0               (11)              23               4                 0              (7)
Netherlands
Etergo B.V., Netherlands                    0               5                (6)          136                    (6)            (1)               (6)           135
Etergo Operations B.V.,                      -             (0)                -                (0)                -              -                  -             (0)
Netherlands
Ola Electric UK Private Limited             2            115                  1               (12)              18               3                 0              (9)
Ola Electric Technologies B.V.,              -             (0)                -                (0)                -              -                  -             (0)
Netherlands
EIA Trading (Shanghai)                       -              -                 -                 -                 -              -                  -              -
Company Limited, China

Adjustments arising out of               (177)         (9,183)                3               (71)                -              -                 3             (71)
consolidation
Total                                     100           5,143             100         (2,276)                  100              17              100       (2,259)


33. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                                                  As at                   As at
                                                                                                                         31 March 2026           31 March 2025
a.      Contingent liabilities
        Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debt
        Income tax matters                                                                                           0                    -
        Indirect tax related matters                                                                                 4                    -
        Other matters                                                                                                 -                   6
b.      Commitments
        (i) Capital commitments                                                                                    630                471
         	Estimated amount remaining to be executed on account of capital contracts
               (Net of advances)
        (2) Other commitments
        (i) The Group is participating in various incentive programs related to its automotive and cell segments, which require
             meeting specified capital investment thresholds over a specified period, as outlined in the respective schemes. The
             Group remains confident in its ability to fulfill these obligations. Failure to meet the stipulated conditions may result in
             disqualification from the incentives and could lead to potential interest or penalty obligations.


                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                            217
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                          All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

      (ii) OET has imported capital goods without payment of customs duty under the Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG)
            Scheme under Foreign Trade Policy, 2023. The said benefit is subject to fulfilment of an export obligation equal to
            four and half times of duty saved for “Battery Electric Vehicles (BEV) other than Hybrid Electric Vehicles (HEVs) and
            Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV) of all types” as provided under paragraph 5.26 of Handbook of Procedures 2023
            (HBP), to be fulfilled within 6 years from the date of issue of Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) authorization. The
            management is confident of fulfilling these obligations and does not expect any liability to arise on account of this.
      (iii) O CT has imported capital goods without payment of customs duty under the Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG)
             Scheme under Foreign Trade Policy, 2023. The said benefit is subject to an export obligation equal to six times of duty
             saved, to be fulfilled within 6 years from the date of issue of Export Promotion Capital Goods (EPCG) authorization. The
             management is confident of fulfilling these obligations and does not expect any liability to arise on account of this.

c.    Guarantees
      The Group has issued corporate guarantees, in favor of the Banks / Lenders on behalf of its subsidiaries Ola Electric
      Technologies Private Limited and Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited for the purposes of term loans, working capital
      loans and other general corporate purposes loans obtained by these subsidiaries:

                                                                                                         “As at         “As at
                                                                                               31 March 2026” 31 March 2025”

      (i) Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                         818                 1,670
      (ii) Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                          1,217                   837


34. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

Contribution to provident fund (Defined contribution):
The Group makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of employees
of the Indian companies in the Group towards Provident Fund, which is a defined contribution plan. The Group has
no obligations other than to make the specified contributions. The contribution are charged to the consolidated
statement of profit and loss as they accrue. The amount recognised as an expense towards contribution to Provident
Fund for the year ended 31 March 2026 aggregated to INR 16 crores (31 March 2025 : INR 19 crores).

Compensated absences (other short-term employee benefit):
The Group provides compensated absences facility subject to certain rules. The liability is provided for based on
the number of days of unutilized leave at each balance sheet date on the basis of current salary. An amount of INR
11 crores (31 March 2025: INR 5 crores) has been recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss on
account of provision for compensated absences.

Gratuity (Defined benefit plan):
The Indian Companies within the Group have a defined benefit gratuity plan as per the Payment of Gratuity Act,
1972 (‘Gratuity Act’). Under the Gratuity Act, an employee who has completed five years of service is entitled
to specific benefit. The level of benefit provided is depending on the employee’s length of service and salary at
retirement/termination.
The present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plan is determined based on an actuarial valuation
as at the reporting date using the projected unit credit method. The Group recognizes the net obligation of a
defined benefit plan in its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses through re-measurements of the
net defined benefit liability / (asset) are recognized in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified to
profit or loss in subsequent periods.
The Group’s Gratuity scheme for employees is unfunded.
Based on an independent actuarial valuations, the following tables set out the amounts recognised in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements:




218
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Reconciliation of present value of defined benefit obligation                                       Gratuity (unfunded)

                                                                                                       As at               As at
                                                                                              31 March 2026      31 March 2025”
Obligations at the beginning of year                                                                      12                  16
Obligations transferred in and out during the year                                                         3                   0
Current service cost                                                                                       4                  10
Past service cost                                                                                          -                   -
Interest cost                                                                                              1                   1
Benefit paid                                                                                              (2)                 (3)
Actuarial (gains) / losses on obligations recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)                  (6)                (12)
Obligations at the year end                                                                               12                  12
Current                                                                                                    2                   1
Non Current                                                                                               10                  11


                                                                                                 For the year        For the year
Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss:                                   ended               ended
                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Current service cost                                                                                        4                 10
Interest cost                                                                                               1                  1
Net gratuity cost                                                                                           5                 11


                                                                                                 For the year        For the year
Remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income:                                               ended               ended
                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Remeasurements - actuarial gains / (losses)                                                                 6                 12
                                                                                                            6                 12


                                                                                                 For the year        For the year
Assumptions used to determine defined benefit obligation:                                              ended               ended
                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Discount Rate                                                                                        6.48%            6.66%
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels                                            12.00%           12.00%
Rate of employee turnover                                                                           37.00%        29%-34%
Mortality rate during employment                                                             Indian Assured Indian Assured
                                                                                           Lives Mortality Lives Mortality
                                                                                           (2012-14) Urban (2012-14)
                                                                                                            Ultimate
Weighted average duration of projected benefit obligation                                         3-6 Years          5 Years
Retirement Age                                                                                58 & 60 Years    58 & 60 Years

The Group assesses these assumptions with its projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry
standards. The discount rate is based on the government securities yield.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    219
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                            All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions:
The following table presents a sensitivity analysis to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
assumptions constant, showing how the defined benefit obligation would have been affected by changes in the
relevant actuarial assumptions that were reasonably possible at the reporting date.

                                                                                       “For the year       “For the year
Particulars                                                                                   ended               ended
                                                                                    31 March 2026”      31 March 2025”
Discount rate
1% increase                                                                                       (0)                 (0)
1% decrease                                                                                        0                   0
Increase in compensation levels
1% increase                                                                                       (0)                 (0)
1% decrease                                                                                        0                   0
Employee turnover
1% increase                                                                                       (0)                 (0)
1% decrease                                                                                        0                   0

Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the
valuation of the defined benefit obligation by one percentage, keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant.
Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation:
                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                     31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Within 1 year                                                                                      2                   1
Between 1 and 5 years                                                                              9                   9
Between 5 and 10 years                                                                             3                   5
10 years and above                                                                                 1                   1

35. RELATED PARTIES
A. Related party relationships
Names of the related parties and description of relationship
I. Enterprises where control exist
Subsidiaries
  y Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited, India
  y Ola Electric Charging Private Limited, India
  y Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited, India
  y Ola Electric Mobility B.V, Netherlands
  y Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA
  y Etergo B.V, Netherlands*
  y Etergo Operations B.V, Netherlands**
  y Ola Electric UK Private Limited, United Kingdom*
  y Ola Electric Technologies B.V, Netherlands*
  y EIA Trading (Shanghai) Company Limited, China*
*Wholly owned subsidiary of Ola Electric Mobility B.V., Netherlands
 **Wholly owned subsidiary of Etergo B.V., Netherlands




220
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                              All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Other Companies/ Firms in which directors or their relatives are interested
  y ANI Technologies Private Limited, India 		
     y Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited, India 		
     y Ola Financial Services Private Limited, India		
     y Pisces eServices Private Limited, India		
     y Ola USA Inc., USA 		
     y Geospoc Geospatial Services Private Limited 		
     y Ola Stores Technologies Private Limited 		
     y Avail Financial Services Private Limited 		
     y Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited 		
     y Krutrim SI Designs Inc., USA 		

Entities over which key management personnel are able to exercise significant influence
  y OEM Employees Welfare Trust

III. Other related parties
Key Managerial Personnel

Directors
   y Bhavish Aggarwal (Chairman and Managing Director)				
     y Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti (Non-Executive Director)				
     y Arun Sarin (Non-Executive Director)				
     y Manoj Kumar Kohli (Independent Director)				
     y Shradha Sharma (Independent Woman Director)				
     y Ananth Sankaranarayanan (Independent Director till 05 December 2025)				
     y Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank (Independent Director with effect from 05 December 2025)

Executive officers
  y Deepak Rastogi (Chief Financial Officer with effect from 20 January 2026)
  y Harish Abichandani (Chief Financial Officer till 19 January 2026)
  y Abhishek Jain (Company Secretary with effect from 12 September 2025)
  y Pritam Das Mohapatra (Company Secretary with effect from 30 December 2024 till 13 June 2025)
  y Pramendra Tomar (Company Secretary till 01 October 2024)


B.     Related party transactions

                                                                                          For the year        For the year
                                                                                                ended               ended
                                                                                       31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Expenses Reimbursement to**:
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                  108                 191
Ola Financial Services Private Limited                                                              -                   2
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                              -                   4

Expenses incurred on behalf of:




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    221
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                               For the year        For the year
                                                                                                                     ended               ended
                                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                                           1                  7
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                                     -                  4
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                                         0                 19
Krutrim SI Designs Inc.                                                                                                    1                  -

Revenue from operations
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited, India                                                                            43                  59

Sale of Property, plant and equipment
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                                         -                   1

Purchase of services
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                                       54                  26
Geospoc Geospatial Services Private Limited                                                                               1                   1
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                                          1                   1

Interest on Loan
Ola USA Inc., USA                                                                                                          0                   0

Income from Commission
Ola Financial services private Limited                                                                                   64                 109

Remuneration paid to directors & executive officers*
Short-term employee benefits                                                                                              7                  15
Share-based payment                                                                                                      12                  21
Remuneration to Non Executive Director#                                                                                   -                   2

The Group also paid director’s sitting fees of INR 1 crores (31 March 2025: INR 1 crores) to non-executive directors
& non-executive independent directors.
**expense reimbursement to related parties pertains to various operating expenses incurred by the related parties on behalf of the Group. The same
has been debited to the respective nature of expenses in the consolidated financial statements.


C.    BALANCES OUTSTANDING WITH RESPECT TO RELATED PARTIES

                                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Other financial liabilities
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                                  137                 171
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                                        177                 201
Pisces E Services Private Limited                                                                                         0                   0
Ola Financial Services Private Limited                                                                                    2                   6
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                                        3                   2

Other financial assets
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                                    7                   7
Ola Financial services private Limited                                                                                   79                 185
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                                         36                  35
Pisces E Services Private Limited                                                                                         1                   1
Ola Stores Technologies Private Limited                                                                                   0                   0


222
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                   42                  35
Krutrim SI Designs Inc.                                                                               1                   -
Avail Financial Services Limited                                                                      0                   0

Trade payables
Geospoc Geospatial Services Private Limited                                                            3                  3
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                       0                  2
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                     5                 26

Trade Receivables
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                5                    5
Ola Financial services private Limited                                                               25                    -

Other Assets- advance to suppliers
Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited                                                                   46                    -

Other liabilities- advance received from customers
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                 -                   9

Short term Borrowings
Ola USA Inc.                                                                                           0                   0

Interest Payable on Current Borrowings
Ola USA Inc.                                                                                           0                   0



                                                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Corporate guarantee outstanding
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                           818               1,670
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                             1,217                 837


Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
Letter of financial and operational support/undertaking given to the following subsidiaries
y Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited, India
y Ola Electric Charging Private Limited, India
y Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited, India
y Ola Electric Mobility B.V, Netherlands
y Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA
y Etergo B.V, Netherlands*
y Etergo Operations B.V, Netherlands**
y Ola Electric UK Private Limited, United Kingdom*
*Wholly owned subsidiary of Ola Electric Mobility B.V., Netherlands
**Wholly owned subsidiary of Etergo B.V., Netherlands

                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    223
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

36. DUES TO MICRO ENTERPRISES AND SMALL ENTERPRISES
The Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises has issued an office memorandum dated 26 August 2008 which
recommends that the Micro and Small Enterprises should mention in their correspondence with its customers the
“Entrepreneurs Memorandum Number” as allocated after filing of the Memorandum. Accordingly, the disclosure
in respect of the amounts payable to such enterprises as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 has been made in
these consolidated financial statements based on information received and available with the Group. Further in
view of the management, the impact of interest, if any, that may be payable in accordance with the provisions of the
Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (‘the Act’) is not expected to be material. The Group
has not received any claim for interest from any supplier in this regard. 					
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (as per the intimation received from vendors) is
as follows:

Particulars                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026       31 March 2025
(i) The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as
at the end of the year:				
- Principal amount*                                                                                        125                 164
- Interest		                                                                                                11                   6
(ii) The amount of interest paid by the Group in terms of Section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006
along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
during each accounting period.
(iii) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment
(which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the period) but without adding
the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006.
(iv) Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the accounting period                    11                    6
‘(v) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years,                 11                    6
until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for
the purposes of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006

 The above disclosures are provided by the Group based on the information available with the Group in respect of
the registration status of its vendors/ suppliers.						
* includes INR 116 crores of Trade Payables (31 March 2025: INR 142 crores) and INR 20 crores of payable to Capital
Creditors (31 March 2025: INR 28 crores).							

37.   LEASES

Where the Group is a lessee

A. Short term leases
The Group has certain operating leases for office facilities and stores (short term leases). Rental expenses of INR 69
 crores (31 March 2025: INR 81 crores) in respect of obligation under operating leases have been recognised in the
 Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
B. Leases liabilities
 he Group has taken land, office facilities and stores under lease and liability towards these leases are classified
T
as lease liabilities. Except for land which is for 99 years lease, the lease term ranges from 1 to 6 years. Incremental
borrowing rate used for computation of lease liabilities is 8.45% p.a to 12.25% p.a.




224
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Following is the movement of lease liability during the year:

Particulars                                                                                          As at               As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                    513                 321
Addition during the year                                                                                147                 375
Deletion during the year                                                                               (187)                (61)
Finance cost accrued during the year                                                                     42                  31
Payment of lease liabilities (principal & interest)                                                    (228)               (153)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                          287                 513
Non-current                                                                                             173                 313
Current                                                                                                 114                 200

The total undiscounted minimum lease payments are as follows.

Term                                                                                  For the year ended       For the year ended
                                                                                          31 March 2026            31 March 2025
Not later than 1 year                                                                            140                    240
Later than 1 year and less than 5 years                                                          199                    343
Later than five years                                                                              -                      -
                                                                                                 339                    583

The following are the amounts recognized in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss

Particulars                                                                           For the year ended       For the year ended
                                                                                          31 March 2026            31 March 2025
- Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets                                                   181                    136
- Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                           35                     28
- Expenses relating to short term leases                                                          69                     81
Total amount recognized in consolidated statement of profit and loss                             285                    245


38. EARNINGS PER SHARE
Reconciliation of basic and diluted used in computing earnings per share:

Particulars                                                                               For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                              31 March 2026        31 March 2025
A. Basic earnings per share
The calculation of loss attributable to equity shareholders and weighted average
number of equity shares outstanding for the purpose of basic earnings per share
calculations are as follows:
Loss for the year                                                                                   (1,833)              (2,276)
Weighted average number of equity shares
Opening equity shares                                                                     4,41,08,29,885 1,95,54,49,972
Effect of shares issued in August 2024                                                                 -   46,99,46,733
Effect of conversion of CCPS into equity during the year                                               - 1,73,16,22,286
Weighted average ordinary equity shares considered for calculation of basic               4,41,08,29,885 4,15,70,18,991
earnings per share (a)




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                      225
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


Opening compulsorily convertible preference shares                                                     - 1,73,16,22,286
Effect of issue of CCPS during the year                                                                - (1,73,16,22,286)
Weighted average CCPS considered for calculation of basic earnings per share (b)                       -               -
Weighted average number of equity shares considered for calculation of basic earnings     4,41,08,29,885 4,15,70,18,991
per share (c=(a+b))
B. Diluted earnings per share
Weighted average equity shares considered for calculation of diluted earnings per share   4,41,08,29,885 4,15,70,18,991

Earning per share:
Basic                                                                                                (4.16)               (5.48)
Diluted                                                                                              (4.16)               (5.48)
As the effect of conversion of potential dilutive shares are anti-dilutive, dilutive effect for the current period have
been considered as nil

39. OPERATING SEGMENTS
An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn
revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group’s
other components, and for which discrete financial information is available. All operating segments’ operating
results are reviewed regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) to make decisions about resources to
be allocated to the segments and assess their performance.						
Based on the CODM, the Group’s reportable segments are “Automotive” and “Cell,” which are primarily organized
and managed separately based on the organizational structure.						
Below is the description of each reportable segment for all periods:
y Automotive: This segment includes the sale of automobiles and related services.
y Cell: This segment encompasses the sale of cells.
The measurement of each segment’s revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities aligns with the accounting policies
used in the preparation of the financial statements. Corporate and support expenses in the nature of employee
benefits and other expenses such as technology cost, legal and professional, advertising, marketing and sales
promotion are not allocated to the respective segments based on the CODM’s review of operating segments.
The segment’s cost of goods sold includes the cost of material consumed, the purchase of stock-in-trade, and
changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress (excluding certain other direct
expenses such as employee benefits and other expenses).

Particulars                                                                               For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                              31 March 2026        31 March 2025
a.  Segment Revenue from Operations
    a) Automotive                                                                                    2,245                4,514
    b) Cell                                                                                             20                   12
Total Segment Revenue from Operations                                                                2,265                4,526
Less: Inter- segment eliminations                                                                      (12)                 (12)
Revenue from Operations                                                                              2,253                4,514

b.  Segment Other Income
    a) Automotive                                                                                      171                  376
    b) Cell                                                                                             59                   61
Total Segment Other Income                                                                             230                  437
Add/Less:
    i.   Unallocable Income                                                                              -                    3
    ii. Inter- segment eliminations                                                                    (23)                 (22)
Total Other Income                                                                                     207                  418




226
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


Particulars                                                                                For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                               31 March 2026        31 March 2025
c. Segment Total Income
a) Automotive                                                                                         2,416                4,890
b) Cell                                                                                                  79                   73
Total Segment Total Income                                                                            2,495                4,963
Add/Less:
i. Unallocable Income                                                                                     -                    3
ii. Inter- segment eliminations                                                                         (35)                 (34)
Total Other Income                                                                                    2,460                4,932
d. Segment Cost of Goods Sold (COGS)
a) Automotive                                                                                         1,563                3,708
b) Cell                                                                                                  15                    5
Total Segment Cost of Goods Sold (COGS)                                                               1,578                3,713
Less: Inter- segment eliminations
Total Cost of Goods Sold (COGS)                                                                         (15)                  (5)
                                                                                                      1,563                3,708
e. Segment Employee Benefit & Other Expenses
a) Automotive                                                                                         1,109                2,066
b) Cell                                                                                                 180                  106
Total Segment Employee Benefit & Other Expenses excluding unallocated costs                           1,289                2,172
Add: Unallocable employee benefits & other expenses                                                     393                  373
Less: Inter- segment eliminations                                                                         -                    -
Total Employee Benefits & Other Expenses                                                              1,682                2,545
f. Segment Loss before finance costs, depreciation, amortization, exceptional items and
    tax expense
a) Automotive                                                                                          (256)                (884)
b) Cell                                                                                                (116)                 (38)
Total Segment Loss before unallocable costs, finance costs, depreciation, amortization,                (372)                (922)
exceptional items and tax expense
Add/Less:
i. Unallocable Expenses (Net)                                                                          (393)                (370)
ii. Inter- segment eliminations                                                                         (20)                 (29)
Total Loss before finance costs, depreciation, amortization, exceptional items and tax                 (785)              (1,321)
expense
g. Segment Depreciation, Amortization and Finance Costs
a) Automotive                                                                                           865                  801
b) Cell                                                                                                 202                  153
Total Segment Depreciation, Amortization and Finance Costs                                            1,067                  954
Less: Inter- segment eliminations                                                                       (23)                 (22)
Total Depreciation, Amortization and Finance Costs                                                    1,044                  932
h. Segment Results
a) Automotive                                                                                        (1,121)              (1,685)
b) Cell                                                                                                (318)                (191)
Total Segment Results                                                                                (1,439)              (1,876)
Add/Less:
i. Unallocated Expenses                                                                                (393)                (370)
ii. Inter- segment eliminations                                                                           3                   (7)
iii. Exceptional items                                                                                    -                  (23)
Loss before tax                                                                                      (1,829)              (2,276)
i. Segment Assets


                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     227
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


Particulars                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                      31 March 2026        31 March 2025
a) Automotive                                                                                4,798               8,378
b) Cell                                                                                      3,062               2,976
Total Segment Assets                                                                         7,860              11,354
Less: inter- segment eliminations                                                              (72)               (279)
Total Assets                                                                                 7,788              11,075
j. Segment Liabilities
a) Automotive                                                                                3,121                5,013
b) Cell                                                                                      1,499                1,306
Total Segment Liabilities                                                                    4,620                6,319
Add/Less:
i. unallocated liabilities                                                                    (111)                (108)
ii. Inter- segment eliminations                                                                (72)                (279)
Total Liabilities                                                                            4,437                5,932

Information about major customers						
During the year, no revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10% or more of the
Group’s revenues from external customers.						
The Group’s revenue from operations is entirely generated from customer domicile from India and substantially all
of the Group’s non current assets are domiciled in India.						


40. Tax expense (net)

a) Amount recognised in profit or loss

Particulars                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                      31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Current tax expense
Current year                                                                                      4                    -
Changes in estimate related to prior years                                                        4                    -
                                                                                                  -                    -
Deferred tax expense                                                                              4                    -
Total                                                                                             4


b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Particulars                                                                       For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                      31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Loss before tax                                                                             (1,829)              (2,276)
Tax using the Group’s domestic tax rate                                                       (460)                (592)
Tax effect of :
Current-year losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised                              460                  592
Changes in estimate related to prior years                                                       4                    -
Tax expense                                                                                      4                    -




228
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


c) Un-recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Particulars                                                                                       As at             As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026     31 March 2025
Deferred tax liability
Property, plant and equipment                                                                       30               23
Right of use assets                                                                                 68              108
                                                                                                    98              131
Deferred tax assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                                      20                 0
On carry forward business losses and unabsorbed depreciation                                    1,372             1,047
Lease liabilities                                                                                  56                97
Provisions for employee benefits                                                                    4                 4
Others                                                                                             84                74
                                                                                                1,536             1,222
Unrecognised deferred tax assets / (liabilities) (net)                                          1,438             1,091


Particulars                                                                                       As at             As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026     31 March 2025
Carry forward business losses*                                                                  6,612             4,994
Carry forward unabsorbed depreciation                                                           1,267               998

*The business losses expire ranges from 2028 to 2034. The carry forward unabsorbed depreciation does not have
an expiry as per the Income tax act, 1961. The deductible temporary differences do not expire under current
tax legislation.

41. EMPLOYEES’ SHARE-BASED PAYMENT PLAN

a) Description of share-based payment arrangements
The Group has the following share-based payment arrangement for employees:

2019 Employees’ Equity Linked Incentive Plan 2019 (‘the 2019 plan’)
The 2019 plan was approved by the Board of Directors on 18 January 2019 and by the shareholders on 21 January
2019. The 2019 plan was subsequently amended by shareholder resolutions passed on 08 December 2023 and
01 October 2024. The 2019 Plan is administered and monitored by the OEM Employees Welfare Trust and is in
compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB Regulations”).
Under the 2019 plan, eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are granted options that provide a
right, but not an obligation, to purchase or subscribe to the Company’s shares at a future date, at a pre-determined
exercise price, subject to compliance with vesting conditions. All exercised options shall be settled by the issue of
equity shares or as provided under the 2019 plan. As per the terms of the 2019 plan, holders of vested options are
entitled to purchase one equity share of INR 10 each for every thousand options at an exercise price of INR Nil. The
maximum term of the options granted is 5 years.
Stock option cost recorded in these consolidated financial statements is based on the fair value of the stock options
which is measured using the Black-Scholes formula.

                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                   31 March 2026          31 March 2025
b) Reconciliation of outstanding share options*
Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                        89,31,49,67,869      1,56,77,15,56,936
Granted during the year                                                         20,98,99,05,092        14,53,87,35,442
Exercised during the year (refer statement of changes in equity)               (23,06,25,67,025)      (50,33,91,86,849)
Forfeited and expired during the year                                          (17,80,85,25,083)      (31,65,61,37,660)



                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 229
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

Outstanding at the end of the year                                                               69,43,37,80,853             89,31,49,67,869
Exercisable at the end of the year                                                               53,49,68,83,656             65,70,64,24,292

The weighted average share price of options exercised under the 2019 plan on the date of exercise is INR 47 (31
March 2025: INR 117).
* The number of options presented for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2026 have been adjusted for the effect of the bonus issue on 23
December 2021 in the ratio of 1:194,998.


c) 	The fair values per option for options granted during the year is measured based on the Black-Scholes model,
     which is as below:
                                                                                           Number of            Fair value
Measurement of fair value
                                                                                            options*           per option        Contractual life
From 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025                                                   14,53,87,35,442        INR 0.083 to             2.74 years
                                                                                                              INR 0.117
From 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026                                                   20,98,99,05,092        INR 0.025 to             2.12 years
                                                                                                              INR 0.086

The fair value per options mentioned above is calculated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes model with the
following assumptions:

                                                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                                           31 March 2026         31 March 2025
d) Assumptions
Risk free interest rate                                                                                           7.00%                  7.00%
Expected volatility                                                                                              30.00%                 30.00%
Expected life                                                                                                 2.12 years             2.74 years


e) 	 Under the Employee share based payment plan, during the year, the Group recorded a share based payment
      expense of INR 41 crores (31 March 2025: INR 35 crores) and Research Cost of ₨ 5 crores (31 March 2025: Nil)
      in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (refer note 26), INR 10 crores (31 March 2025: INR 3 crores)
      is recognised in intangibles under development and Nil (31 March 2025: INR 3 crores) is recognised in capital
      work in progress, amounting to INR 56 crores (31 March 2025: INR 41 crores) in the Consolidated Statement of
      Changes in Equity

.f)   
      T he weighted average remaining                     contractual       life     for   options       outstanding        is    0.89     years
      (31 March 2025: 0.93 years).

42. LONG-TERM CONTRACTS
The Group does not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there are any material
foreseeable losses.

43. BORROWING SECURED AGAINST CURRENT ASSETS
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited (“OET”) has obtained borrowings from banks on the basis of security of its
current assets. The quarterly returns or statements filed by OET with such banks are in agreement with the books
of account of OET at the time of submission except below instances.

                                                                       30-Jun-25           30-Sep-25           31-Dec-25             31-Mar-26
Bank of Baroda
Inventory as per books of account (refer note (b) below)                       74                    -                  -                      -
Inventory as per reported in the quarterly return                              86                    -                  -                      -
Amount of difference                                                          (12)                   -                  -                      -
Whether return subsequently rectified                                          No

Axis Bank


230
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)


Inventory as per books of account (refer note (c) below)         99             -              -             (18)
Inventory as per reported in the quarterly return               111             -              -             (34)
Amount of difference                                            (12)            -              -              16
Whether return subsequently rectified                            No                                          Yes

Yes Bank
Inventory as per books of account (refer note (d) below)        167             -              -            221
Inventory as per reported in the quarterly return               179             -              -            251
Amount of difference                                            (12)            -              -            (30)
Whether return subsequently rectified                            No                                         Yes


                                                           30-Jun-24    30-Sep-24      31-Dec-24       31-Mar-25
Bank of Baroda
Inventory as per books of account (refer note (e) below)           -         323            367             354
Inventory as per reported in the quarterly return                  -         320            341             361
Amount of difference                                               -           3             26               (7)
Whether return subsequently rectified                                         No             No              No

Book debts as per books of account (refer note (g)                 -       1,131           1,187            402
below)
Book debts as per reported in the quarterly return                 -       1,140           1,221            405
Amount of difference                                               -           (9)           (34)             (3)
Whether return subsequently rectified                                         No              No             No
Axis Bank
Inventory as per books of account (refer note (h) below)           -         325            370             374
Inventory as per reported in the quarterly return                  -         322            344             381
Amount of difference                                               -           3             26               (7)
Whether return subsequently rectified                                         No             No              No

Book debts as per books of account (refer note (h)              832          868            917             277
below)
Book debts as per reported in the quarterly return              832          877            951             280
Amount of difference                                              0            (9)          (34)              (3)
Whether return subsequently rectified                            No           No             No              No

Yes Bank
Inventory as per books of account (refer note (f) below)           -         364            403             435
Inventory as per reported in the quarterly return                  -         361            377             442
Amount of difference                                               -           3             26               (7)
Whether return subsequently rectified                                         No             No              No

Book debts as per books of account (refer note (g)                         1,131           1,187            402
below)
Book debts as per reported in the quarterly return                         1,140           1,221            405
Amount of difference                                                           (9)           (34)             (3)
Whether return subsequently rectified                                         No              No             No

(a) Post closure entries which were recorded in the books of accounts subsequent to submission of returns to the
     bankers were not taken into consideration in the returns provided to the bankers. Hence, there were above
     differences between the books of accounts vs the returns filed with banks.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            231
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                            All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

(b) Net off Trade Creditors (excluding Provisions, accrued expenses, vendor payables for which invoices are not
     raised) and includes supplier advances.							
(c) Net off Trade Creditors (excluding Provisions, accrued expenses, vendor payables for which invoices are not
     raised, inter- company payables) and includes supplier advances.						


(d) Net off Trade Creditors (excluding Provisions, accrued expenses, vendor payables for which invoices are not
    raised, inter- company payables excluded till Dec-25, billed operating expenses related payables) and includes
    supplier advances.							
(e) Net off trade creditors and advance to trade creditors as considered by the management
(f) N
     et off paid creditors as considered by the management.
(g) Includes GST receivable, adjusted inter-company balances and net off advance from customers as considered
     by the management.
(h) 
    Includes GST receivable, net off inter-company balances and advance from customer as considered by
    the management
(i) The computation of inventory and book debts, in the books of accounts and returns, differs across banks owing
     to the distinct methodologies adopted for each bank in accordance with the respective terms and conditions
     mutually agreed upon with them.							


44. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFER PROCEEDS UTILISATION
During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company had completed its initial public offering (IPO) of 808,699,624
equity shares with a face value of INR 10 each at an issue price of INR 76 per share (includes 797,101 equity shares
with a face value of INR 10 each at an issue price of INR 69 per share), comprising fresh issue of 723,757,627 shares
and an offer for sale of 84,941,997 shares. The Company’s equity shares were listed on the National Stock Exchange
of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) on 09 August 2024.
The total proceeds on account of fresh issue were INR 5,275 crores (net of issue expenses of INR 225 crores). The
utilization of the net IPO proceeds as at 31 March 2026 is summarized below:
                                                              Net IPO proceeds            Utilisation of IPO
                              Net IPO proceeds to be        to be utilised as per   proceeds upto 31 March         Unutilised IPO proceeds
Particulars                utilised as per prospectus               reallocation                       2026          as on 31 March 2026
Capital expenditure        1,228                        -                           -                          -
to be incurred by our
Subsidiary, Ola Cell
Technologies Private
Limited for the Project
specified in Prospectus
Repayment or               800                          800                         800                        -
prepayment, in
full or part, of the
indebtedness incurred
by our Subsidiary, Ola
Electric Technologies
Private Limited
Expenditure into           1,600                        930                         834                        96
research and product
development
Expenditure to be          350                          1,301                       937                        364
incurred for organic
growth initiatives
General corporate          1,297                        1,374                       1,187                      187
purposes


232
Repayment or                  -                         870                     395                           475
prepayment, in
full or part, of the
indebtedness incurred
the company and/or its
subsidiaries
Total Net Proceeds            5,275                     5,275                   4,153                         1,122
Out of the net proceeds which were unutilized as at 31 March 2026 INR 1,101 crores are temporarily invested in
fixed deposits, INR 21 crores is held in the Group’s monitoring accounts.
As at 31 March 2026, the above IPO funds has been raised by the Company to be used in its wholly owned
subsidiaries (ultimate beneficiaries) as per the Company’s prospectus.
                                                                                                                        Amount transfer
                        Date of                                               Date of transfer                              to ultimate
      Name of the receipt from     "Amount                                        to ultimate      Purpose of funds       beneficiaries
    funding party funding party (in crores)"         Ultimate Beneficiary         beneficiary         to be used for         (in crores)
Investors in       07-Aug-24      5,275        Ola Electric                 Various                Repayment /  3,750
Initial public                                 Technologies Private                                prepayment
offer                                          Limited                                             of loan,
                                                                                                   expenditure  587
                                               Ola Cell Technologies
                                                                                                   in research
                                               Private Limited
                                                                                                   and
                                               Ola Electric UK Private                             development, 26
                                               Limited                                             organic
                                               Ola Electric Mobility                               growth and
                                               Inc.                                                general      6
                                                                                                   corporate
                                                                                                   payments
Total                             5,275                                                                                 4,369

The total proceeds on account of fresh issue were INR 5,275 crores (net of issue expenses of INR 225 crores). The
utilization of the net IPO proceeds as at 31 March 2025 is summarized below:
                                                                                        Net IPO
                                                                                proceeds to be     Utilisation of IPO     Unutilised IPO
Particulars                                                                                          proceeds upto       proceeds as on
                                                                                 utilised as per
                                                                                    prospectus      31 March 2025        31 March 2025

Capital expenditure to be incurred by our Subsidiary, Ola Cell Technologies              1,228                      -            1,228
Private Limited for the Project specified in Prospectus
Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the indebtedness incurred by                  800                  800                    -
our Subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited
Investment into research and product development                                         1,600                  315              1,285
Expenditure to be incurred for organic growth initiatives                                  350                  217                133
General corporate purposes                                                               1,297                1,120                177
Total Net Proceeds                                                                       5,275                2,452              2,823

Out of the net proceeds which were unutilized as at 31 March 2025 INR 2,775 crores are temporarily invested in
fixed deposits, INR 48 crores is held in the Group’s monitoring accounts.
As at 31 March 2025, the above IPO funds has been raised by the Company to be used in its wholly owned subsidiaries
(ultimate beneficiaries) as per the Company’s prospectus.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     233
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                                        Amount
                                                                                   Date of                          transfer to
Name of the funding                                                                         Purpose of funds
                       Date of receipt                 Ultimate Beneficiary     transfer to                            ultimate
party                                                                                       to be used for
                        from funding        Amount                                ultimate                        beneficiaries
                                 party   (In crores)                            beneficiary                          (in crores)
Investors in Initial      07-Aug-24          5,275 Ola Electric Technologies       Various      Repayment /              2,600
public offer                                       Private Limited                             prepayment of
                                                   Ola Cell Technologies                     loan, expenditure           1,328
                                                   Private Limited                            in research and
                                                   Ola Electric UK Private                     development,                 26
                                                   Limited                                    organic growth
                                                   Ola Electric Mobility Inc.                   and general                   6
                                                                                                 corporate
                                                                                                 payments
Total                                        5,275                                                                       3,960


45. OTHER MATTERS
a. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA) had requested
    information with respect to Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
    towards various consumer grievances, registered on the National Consumer Helpline from September 01,
    2023 to August 30, 2024, on which the Company had provided its response to CCPA. Subsequently, the
    Company had received notice under Section 19(3) of the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, and further queries
    seeking additional information, which was also furnished by the Company. The Company does not expect any
    material impact of this matter on the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2026.
b. 	The Company had received various email communications/letters in the previous year and during year ended
     March 31, 2026, from the National Stock Exchange Limited and Securities and Exchange Board of India
     (SEBI), seeking information with respect to variance in the number of vehicles sold as per Vahan Portal and
     as mentioned in the Company’s press announcement dated February 28, 2025 with respect to Ola Electric
     Technologies Private Limited a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company had provided response
     to the above email communications/letters on various dates to National Stock Exchange Limited and Securities
     and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), which includes a clarification stating that the press announcement of
     25,000 units of vehicles sold was with respect to vehicle bookings. The Company had further clarified that as
     per the Company’s revenue recognition policy, revenue is recognized by the Company on the basis of delivery
     of the scooter to the customers after completion of the registration process. The Company does not expect any
     material impact of this matter on the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2026.
c. 	Extended Producer Responsibility (“EPR”) for End of Life of Vehicles for OEMs was notified in January 2025,
     w.e.f. April 1, 2025. EPR calls for OEMs to buy certificates from Registered Vehicle Scrapping Facility (“RVSFs”)
     equivalent to 8% for the first 5 years and goes up to 18% by 2039 of steel used in its vehicles 15 years back
     in case of Commercial Vehicles. Central Pollution Control Board (“CPCB”) is in the process of giving clarity of
     the EPR policy including (a) Cost of the certificate (b) Clear methodology for calculating steel content/liability
     targets for OEMs (c) Process for transaction between OEMs and RVSFs and thus the cost of meeting the
     obligations under EPR cannot be reliably estimated as at 31 March 2026.
d.     n 21 November 2025, the Government of India had notified the four Labour Codes -The Code on Wages,
      O
      2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020, and the Occupational Safety,
      Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 - consolidating 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of Labour and
      Employment published draft Central Rules and FAQs to enable assessment of the financial impact due to the
      changes in regulations. Based on the actuarial assessment and information currently available, the Group has
      assessed that the impact of these changes is not material. The Group continues to monitor the finalization of
      Central / State Rules and clarifications from the Government on other aspects of the Labour Code and would
      provide appropriate accounting effect on the basis of such developments as needed.




234
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     All amounts are in ₨Cr unless otherwise stated

46. REGULATORY STATUTORY DISCLOSURE
a.	Other than in the normal and ordinary course of business, the Group has not advanced or loaned or invested
    funds to any persons or entities, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the
    Intermediary shall:
    1) 	directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
         on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
    2)   provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
b.	Other than in the normal and ordinary course of business, the Group has not received any funds from any
    persons or entities, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in
    writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
    1)	directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
        on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
    2) 	provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
c.	The Group does fall under the ambit of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to corporate
    social responsibility.
d.	The Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against
    the Group for holding any Benami property.
e.	The Group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or virtual currency during the current year.
f.	The Group does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been
    surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961
    (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
g.	The Group does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies
    (ROC) beyond statutory period.
h.	The Group has below transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of Companies Act, 2013 or
    section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the year ended 31 March 2026.
                                                                                        Balance      Relationship with the
Name of struck                                          Nature of Transactions
                               Entity                                                Outstanding       struck off Company
off Company                                             with Struck off Company
                                                                                      (in crores)    if any to be disclosed
Rajdeep Automation Private     Ola Cell Technologies     Purchase of raw materials       0.01               External
Limited                        Private Limited
Dynaspede Integrated Systems   Ola Electric Technologies Purchase of capital goods       0.41               External
Private Limited                Private Limited

The Group has below transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of Companies Act, 2013 or
section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the year ended 31 March 2026.				




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    235
                                                                                       Balance      Relationship with the
Name of struck                                           Nature of Transactions
                               Entity                                               Outstanding       struck off Company
off Company                                              with Struck off Company
                                                                                     (in crores)    if any to be disclosed
SEW Eurodrive India Private    Ola Electric              Purchase of consumables        0.01                 External
Limited                        Technologies Private
                               Limited
Dynaspede Integrated Systems   Ola Electric              Purchase of consumables        0.07                 External
Private Limited                Technologies Private      and spare parts
                               Limited
Multitech System Industrial    Ola Electric              Purchase of consumables        0.01                 External
Automation Private Limited     Technologies Private
                               Limited

i.    The Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
j.	The Group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible
    assets or both during the current or previous year.
k.	The Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or
    previous financial year.
l.	None of the entities in the Group have been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or
    government or any government authority.

47. OTHER MATTERS
Subsequent to the year end, the Shareholders of the Company, vide special resolution dated 22 April 2026, has
approved variation in the objects / terms of utilisation of the intial public offering (IPO) proceeds and modification
of time limit for utilisation of the IPO Proceeds. Refer note 2.6 for details.


As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                 Bhavish Aggarwal                       Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                     Chairman and Managing Director         Director
Membership No.: 223018                      DIN: 03287473                          DIN : 01338477

                                            Place: Bengaluru                       Place: Bengaluru
                                            Date: 20 May 2026                      Date: 20 May 2026

                                            Abhishek Jain                          Deepak Rastogi
                                            Company Secretary                      Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                            Place: Bengaluru                       Place: Bengaluru
Date: 20 May 2026                           Date: 20 May 2026                      Date: 20 May 2026




236
STANDALONE
Financial Statements




                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26   237
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the Members of
Ola Electric Mobility Limited


REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


OPINION                                                        KEY AUDIT MATTERS
We have audited the standalone financial statements            Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
of Ola Electric Mobility Limited (the “Company”) which         professional judgment, were of most significance in
comprise the standalone balance sheet as at 31 March           our audit of the standalone financial statements of
2026, and the standalone statement of profit and loss          the current period. These matters were addressed
(including other comprehensive income), standalone             in the context of our audit of the standalone financial
statement of changes in equity and standalone statement        statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the        thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
standalone financial statements, including material            these matters.
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid
standalone financial statements give the information
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in the
manner so required and give a true and fair view in
conformity with the accounting principles generally
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as
at 31 March 2026, and its loss and other comprehensive
loss, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year
ended on that date.



BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with the
Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under Section
143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs
are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the
Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant
to our audit of the standalone financial statements under
the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder,
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities
in accordance with these requirements and the Code
of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion on the standalone financial statements.




238
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

THE APPROPRIATENESS OF MANAGEMENT’S USE OF THE GOING
CONCERN BASIS OF ACCOUNTING
See Note 2.7 to standalone financial statements



The key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Management and Board of Directors of the                In view of the significance of the matter, we applied
Company have evaluated the Company’s ability to             the following audit procedures in this area, amongst
continue as a going concern in the foreseeable future.      others, to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
This is based on various factors including, inter alia,
                                                            y Evaluated the design and implementation and
past history of losses, projections of future operating
                                                              tested operating effectiveness of relevant controls
cash flows, available credit limits with banks, available
                                                              over the Company’s forecasting process.
cash and bank balances and its ability to raise funds.
The Company has accumulated losses as at 31                 y Obtained an understanding of the estimates
March 2026 and has incurred losses during the year.           andjudgements made by the Management
These events and conditions require the Company to            inpreparing the cash flow projections of the
consider mitigating circumstances in support of the           Company for next fifteen months from the end of
Company’s ability to continue as going concern.               the reporting period. Tested the underlying data
                                                              and evaluating reasonableness of the assumptions
The Company has used certain estimates and                    used. For this, we compared the estimates with the
judgements to forecast its future cash requirement            industry reports. We also assessed consistency
and its ability to generate future cash flows on a            thereof with our expectations basedon our
timely basis. These estimates and judgements include          understanding of the Company’sbusiness.
expected future operating cash flows of material
subsidiaries based on its business projections from         y Compared the assumptions used in the forecasted
expansion of its business operations, projected market        statement of profit and loss and cash flows for the
share of the Company, improved gross margins, launch          fifteen months period ending 30 June 2027 with
of new products and expected operational efficiencies.        the Company’s business plan approved by the
The Company also proposes to raise additional funds           Board of Directors.
through a qualified institutional placement. These are      y Applied sensitivities on the forecasts by considering
fundamental for us to obtain sufficient appropriate           plausible changes to the key assumptions used in
audit evidence regarding the appropriateness of the           the business plan.
use of the going concern basis of accounting.
                                                            y Assessed the reliability of the cash flow forecasts
The Company has relied on existing liquidity, sufficient      through a retrospective analysis of actual
future operating cash flows and ability to raise funds        performance subsequent to year-end in comparison
to prepare the standalone financial statements on a           to budgets.
going concern basis. Due to the judgement involved in
this assessment made by the Management and Board            y Assessed the subsequent funding plan considered
of Directors, we have identified the appropriateness          by the Management and evaluating adequacy of
of management’s use of the going concern basis of             projected sources of funds, forfulfilling obligations
accounting as a key audit matter.                             of the Company.
                                                            y Assessed the adequacy of related disclosures in the
                                                              standalone financial statements.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            239
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT OF                                LONG       TERM
INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
See Note 3.4 and Note 38 to standalone financial statements


The key audit matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

The Company has long-term investments in                  In view of the significance of the matter we applied the
subsidiaries aggregating INR 1,016,129 lakhs as at 31     following audit procedures in this area, among others
March 2026.                                               to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence:
The Company accounts for these investments at             y Assessed the design and implementation
cost. The Company assesses at each reporting date           andtested operating effectiveness of key internal
if there is an indication, based on either internal         financial controls around the assessment of
or external sources of information (like changes in         impairment of investment in subsidiaries including
business environment, including market or economic          approval of forecasts and determination of
environment, geopolitical situations, trade war, and        key estimates;
general inflationary trends), that investments in
subsidiaries may be impaired. Investments where an        y Evaluated the assessment of impairment indicators
indication based on these factors exists, are tested        with respect to investments insubsidiaries,
for impairment.                                             considering internal and external sources of
                                                            information, as performed by the Company;
In performing such impairment assessment, the
Company compares the carrying value of investments        y Compared the cash flow forecast used
with their respective recoverable value to determine        inmanagement’s impairment assessment
whether any impairment loss should be recognised.           with the business plan approved by the Board
This involves using significant judgements and              ofDirectors; and
estimates including projected future cash flows,          y Where an impairment indicator was identified,we:
revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate and the
discount rate.                                                y Evaluated together with the help of our valuation
                                                                specialist; appropriateness of thev aluation
Impairment assessment of investments in subsidiaries            methodology and of key assumptions, specifically
have been identified as a key audit matter because              those relating to projected future cash flows, revenue
of the estimation and judgements involved in                    growth rates, discount rates and terminal growthrates,
computation of the recoverable value of investments             basis our understanding of their business and industry,
in subsidiaries                                                 historical trends and underlying business strategies
                                                                and growth plans;

                                                              y Performed sensitivity analysis on key assumptions
                                                                used by the Company in computing recoverable value
                                                                of the investments in subsidiaries; and

                                                              y Assessed the adequacy of disclosures made in the
                                                                standalone financial statements with respect to
                                                                impairment losses, if any.




240
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

OTHER INFORMATION
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of                 In connection with our audit of the standalone financial
Directors are responsible for the other information. The      statements, our responsibility is to read the other
other information comprises the information included          information identified above when it becomes available
in the Annual report, but does not include the financial      and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
statements and auditor’s report thereon. The Annual           is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial
report is expected to be made available to us after the       statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or
date of this auditor’s report.                                otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements
does not cover the other information and we will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




MANAGEMENT’S AND BOARD OF                                     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES                                   THE AUDIT OF THE STANDALONE
FOR THE STANDALONE                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are           about whether the standalone financial statements as
responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of the   a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
Act with respect to the preparation of these standalone       due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
financial statements that give a true and fair view of the    that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
state of affairs, profit/ loss and other comprehensive        is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
income, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company       that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will
in accordance with the accounting principles generally        always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting            Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the         considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of         they could reasonably be expected to influence the
adequate accounting records in accordance with the            economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of       standalone financial statements.
the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds           As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise
and other irregularities; selection and application of        professional judgment and maintain professional
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and         skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design,
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal           y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement
financial controls, that were operating effectively             of the standalone financial statements, whetherdue to
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the               fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and             responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
presentation of the standalone financial statements             that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
that give a true and fair view and are free from material       for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.                    misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
                                                                one resulting from error, as fraud mayinvolve collusion,
In preparing the standalone financial statements, the           forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
Management and Board of Directors are responsible               the override of internal control.
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related     y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant
to going concern and using the going concern basis of           to the audit in order to design audit proceduresthat
accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends         are appropriate in the circumstances. Under Section
to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has         143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for
no realistic alternative but to do so.                          expressing our opinion on whether the company has
                                                                adequate internal financial controls with reference
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing
the Company’s financial reporting process.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             241
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

  t o financial statements in place and the operating     REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND
   effectiveness of such controls.
                                                           REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting
  policies used and the reasonableness of accounting       1. 	As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report)
  estimates and related disclosures made by the                 Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central
  Management and Board of Directors.                            Government of India in terms of Section 143(11) of
y Conclude on the appropriateness of the                        the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement
  Management and Board of Directors use of the                  on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of
  going concern basis of accounting in preparation              the Order, to the extent applicable.
  of standalone financial statements and, based on         2A. 	
                                                                As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we
  the audit evidence obtained, whether a material               report that:
  uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
  that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s             a.	
                                                                  We have sought and obtained all the
  ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude          information and explanations which to the best
  that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to          of ourknowledge and belief were necessary for
  draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related           the purposes of our audit.
  disclosures in the standalone financial statements           b.	In our opinion, proper books of account as
  or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify                required by law have been kept by the Company
  our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit              sofar as it appears from our examination of
  evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s                those books except for the matters stated
  report. However, future events or conditions may                 in the paragraph 2B(f) below on reporting
  cause the Company to cease to continue as a                      under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and
  going concern.                                                   Auditors)Rules, 2014.
y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure                 c.	The standalone balance sheet, the standalone
  and content of the standalone financial                          statement of profit and loss (including other
  statements,including the disclosures, and whether                comprehensive income), the standalone
  the standalone financial statements represent the                statement of changes in equity and the
  underlyingtransactions and events in a manner that               standalone statement of cash flows dealt with
  achieves fair presentation.                                      by this Report are in agreement with the books
y We communicate with those charged with                           of account.
  governance regarding, among other matters, the                  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone
                                                               d.	
  planned scope and timing of the audit and significant           financial statements comply with the Ind AS
  audit findings, including any significant deficiencies          specified under Section 133 of the Act.
  in internal control that we identify during our audit.
                                                               e.	On the basis of the written representations
y We also provide those charged with governance with               received from the directors as on 1 April 2026
  a statement that we have complied with relevant                  taken on record by the Board of Directors,
  ethical requirements regarding independence, and                 none of the directors is disqualified as on 31
  to communicate with them all relationships and                   March 2026from being appointed as a director
  other matters that may reasonably be thought to                  in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
  bear on our independence, and where applicable,
  related safeguards.                                          f.	The modification relating to the maintenance
                                                                   of accounts and other matters connected
y From the matters communicated with those                         therewith are as stated in the paragraph 2A(b)
  charged with governance, we determine those                      above on reporting under Section 143(3)(b) of
  matters that were of most significance in the                    the Act and paragraph 2B(f) below on reporting
  audit of the standalone financial statements of                  under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and
  the current period and are therefore the key audit               Auditors)Rules, 2014.
  matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
  report unless law or regulation precludes public             g	With respect to the adequacy of the internal
  disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely               financial controls with reference to financial
  rare circumstances, we determine that a matter                  statements of the Company and the operating
  should not be communicated in our report because                effectiveness of such controls, refer to our
  the adverse consequences of doing so would                      separateReport in “Annexure B”.
  reasonably be expected to outweigh the public            B.	With respect to the other matters to be included
  interest benefits of such communication.                     in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11

242
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

     ofthe Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,              softwares for maintaining its books of account,
     in our opinion and to the best of our information              which have afeature of recording audit trail (edit
     and according to the explanations given to us:                 log) facility and the same has operated throughout
                                                                    the yearfor all relevant transactions recorded in
a.	The Company has disclosed the impact of pending
                                                                    the respective softwares.
    litigations as at 31 March 2026 on its financial
    position in its standalone financial statements - Refer       y In case of accounting software used for maintaining
    Note 29 to the standalone financial statements.                 details relating to general ledger, thefeature of
                                                                    recording audit trail (edit log) facility was not enabled at
b.	The Company did not have any long-term contracts
                                                                    database level to log anydirect data changes. Further,
    including derivative contracts for which there were
                                                                    the audit trail (edit log) has not been enabled for direct
    any material foreseeable losses.
                                                                    datachanges performed by users having privileged
c.	
   There were no amounts which were required                        access at application level.
   to be transferred to the Investor Education and
                                                                  y In case of accounting software used for maintaining
   Protection Fund by the Company.
                                                                    details relating to revenue, the featureof recording
d (i)	The management has represented that, to the best             audit trail (edit log) facility was not enabled at databased
       of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed in the Note        level to log direct datachanges.
       42(A) to the standalone financial statements, no
                                                                  y In case of accounting software used for
       funds have been advanced or loaned or invested
                                                                    maintaining details relating to payroll, in absence
       (either from borrowed funds or share premium
                                                                    of independent auditor report in relation to
       or any other sources or kind of funds) by the
                                                                    controls at the third-party service provider, we
       Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies),
                                                                    are unable to comment whether audit trail feature
       including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with
                                                                    was enabled at database level (to log anydirect
       the understanding, whether recorded in writing
                                                                    data changes) and operated throughout the
       or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall directly
                                                                    year for all relevant transactions recordedin the
       or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or
                                                                    software.
       entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or
       on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”)      Further, where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled
       or provide any guarantee, security or the like on        and operated for the respective accounting softwares
       behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.                    throughout the year, we did not come across any
                                                                instance of audit trail feature being tampered with.
(ii)	The management has represented that, to the best
      of its knowledge and belief, other than as disclosed in
                                                                Additionally, except where the audit trail (edit log)
      the Note 40 to the standalone financial statements,
                                                                facility was not enabled in the previous years, the
      no funds have been received bythe Company
                                                                audit trail has been preserved by the Company as
      from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign
                                                                per the statutory requirements for record retention.
      entities (“Funding Parties”), withthe understanding,
      whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that
      the Company shall directly orindirectly, lend or
      invest in other persons or entities identified in any
      manner whatsoever by or onbehalf of the Funding
      Parties (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any
      guarantee, security or thelike on behalf of the
      Ultimate Beneficiaries.
      Based on the audit procedures that have
(iii)	
      been considered reasonable and appropriate
      in thecircumstances, nothing has come to
      our notice that has caused us to believe that
      therepresentations under sub-clause (i) and
      (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (i) and (ii)
      above,contain any material misstatement.
e.	The Company has neither declared nor paid any
    dividend during the year.
f.	
   Based on our examination which included test
   checks, except for the instances mentioned
   below,the Company has used accounting


                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 243
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

C.	With respect to the matter to be included in the                                               Chartered Accountants
     Auditor’s Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:                         Firm’s Registration No.:101248W/W-100022

      In our opinion and according to the information                                                     Umang Banka
      and explanations given to us, the remuneration                                                             Partner
      paid by the Company to its directors during the                                            Membership No.: 223018
      current year is in accordance with the provisions                                   ICAI UDIN:26223018PHFDJI5077
      of Section197 of the Act. The remuneration paid        Place: Bengaluru
      to any director is not in excess of the limit laid     Date: 20 May 2026
      down undersection 197 of the Act. The Ministry of
      Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details
      undersection 197(16) of the Act which are required
      to be commented upon by us.


                                       For B S R & Co. LLP




244
Annexure A
to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the Standalone Financial Statements
of Ola Electric Mobility Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026



(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other               (ii) (a) 
                                                                          The inventory has been physically verified
Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our                         by the management during the year. In our
report of even date)                                                      opinion, the frequency of such verification is
(i) (a) (A) 	The Company has maintained proper                           reasonable and procedures and coverage as
              records showing full particulars, including                 followed by management were appropriate.
              quantitative details and situation of                       No discrepancies were noticed on verification
              Property, Plant and Equipment.                              between the physical stocks and the book
                                                                          records that were more than 10% in the
		         (B) 	
                The Company has maintained proper                         aggregate of each class of inventory.
                records showing full particulars of
                intangible assets.                                   (b) 	According to the information and explanations
                                                                           given to us and on the basis of our examination
(i)   (b) 	According to the information and explanations                  of the records of the Company, the Company
            given to us and on the basis of our examination                has been sanctioned working capital limits
            of the records of the Company, the Company has                 (debentured for general purpose) in excess of
            a regular programme of physical verification of                five crore rupees, in aggregate from financial
            its Property, Plant and Equipment by which all                 institutions on the basis of security of current
            property, plant and equipment are verified in                  assets. The Company currently is not required
            a phased manner over a period of three years.                  to file quarterly returns or statements with
            In accordance with this programme, certain                     the financial institutions. The Company has
            property, plant and equipment were verified                    not been sanctioned working capital limits in
            during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity              excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate from
            of physical verification is reasonable having                  banks on the basis of security of current assets
            regard to the size of the Company and the                      at any point of time of the year.
            nature of its assets. No discrepancies were
            noticed on such verification.                        (iii)	
                                                                       According to the information and explanations
                                                                       given to us and on the basis of our examinationof
      (c)	The Company does not have any immovable                   the records of the Company, the Company has not
            property (other than immovable properties                  made any investments or provided anyguarantee
            where the Company is the lessee and the                    or security or granted any loans or advances in
            leases agreements are duly executed in favour              the nature of loans, secured orunsecured to firms,
            of the lessee). Accordingly, clause 3(i)(c) of the         limited liability partnership or any other parties
            Order is not applicable.                                   during the year. TheCompany has not provided any
      (d)	According to the information and explanations               security or granted any loans or advances in the
           given to us and on the basis of our examination             nature of loans,secured or unsecured to companies.
           of the records of the Company, the Company                  The Company has made investments and
           has not revalued its Property, Plant and                    providedguarantees to its subsidiary companies, in
           Equipment or intangible assets or both during               respect of which requisite information is as below.
           the year.
      (e)	According to the information and explanations
           given to us and on the basis of our examination
           of the records of the Company, there are
           no proceedings initiated or pending against
           the Company for holding any benami
           property under the Prohibition of Benami
           Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules
           made thereunder.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             245
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

      (a)	Based on the audit procedures carried on by         .   (e)	According to the information and explanations
           us and as per the information and explanations               given to us and on the basis of our examination
           given to us the Company has provided                         of the records of the Company, there is no
           guarantee to its subsidiaries as below:                      loan or advance in the nature of loan granted
                                                                        falling due during the year, which has been
           Amounts in ₨ lakhs
                                                                        renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to
           Particulars                          Guarantees
                                                                        settle the overdues of existing loans given to
           Aggregate amount during the                                  same parties.
           year
           –Subsidiaries                            37,954         (f)	According to the information and explanations
                                                                        given to us and on the basis of our examination
           Balance outstanding as at
                                                                        of the records of the Company, the Company
           balance sheet date:
                                                                        has not granted any loans or advances in the
           –Subsidiaries                           203,490
                                                                        nature of loans either repayable on demand
      (b)	According to the information and explanations                or without specifying any terms or period
           given to us and based on the audit procedures                of repayment.
           conducted by us, in our opinion the investments         (iv)	According to the information and explanations
           made and guarantees provided during the                       given to us and on the basis of our
           year and the terms and conditions for the                     examinationof the records of the Company, the
           guarantees provided during the year are not                   Company has not given any loans or security
           prejudicial to the interest of the Company.                   as specifiedunder Section 185 and 186 of
           Further, the Company has not provided any                     the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). With
           security or granted any loans or given any                    respect to the guarantees given to its wholly
           advances in the nature of loans during the year.              owned subsidiary companies, the provisions
                                                                         of Section 185 arenot applicable. In respect
      (c)	According to the information and explanations                 of the investments made and guarantees
           given to us and on the basis of our                           given by the Company, in our opinion the
           examinationof the records of the Company,                     provisions of Section 186 of the Act have been
           the Company has not given any loans or                        complied with.
           advances in the natureof loans to any party
                                                                   (v)	The Company has not accepted any deposits
           during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(iii)(c) of
                                                                        or amounts which are deemed to be deposits
           the Order is not applicableto the Company.
                                                                        from the public. Accordingly, clause 3(v) of the
      (d)	According to the information and explanations                Order is not applicable.
           given to us and on the basis of our examination
                                                                   (vi)	According to the information and explanations
           of the records of the Company, the Company
                                                                         given to us, the Central Government has not
           does not have any loan or any advances in the
                                                                         prescribed the maintenance of cost records
           nature of loan outstanding as on 31 March
                                                                         under Section 148(1) of the Act for the
           2025. Accordingly, provisions of clause 3(iii)(d)
                                                                         products sold by it. Accordingly, clause 3(vi) of
           of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
                                                                         the Order is not applicable.
                                                                   (vii) (a) 	The Company does not have liability in
                                                                               respect of Service tax, Duty of excise,
                                                                               Sales tax and Value added tax during the
                                                                               year since effective 1 July 2017, these
                                                                               statutory dues has been subsumed into
                                                                               GST.		




246
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

	According to the information and explanations                          has not defaulted in repayment of debentures
  given to us and on the basis of our examination                        and payment of interest thereon to financial
  of the records of the Company, in our opinion,                         institutions. Company does not have any loans
  the undisputed statutory dues including Goods                          and borrowing from any other lender.
  and Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State
  Insurance, Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or
  other statutory dues have been regularly deposited                 (b)	According to the information and explanations
  by the Company with the appropriate authorities.                        given to us and on the basis of our examination
                                                                          of the records of the Company, the Company
	According to the information and explanations
                                                                          has not been declared a wilful defaulter by any
  given to us and on the basis of our examination
                                                                          bank or financial institution or government or
  of the records of the Company, no undisputed
                                                                          government authority.
  amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service
  Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance,                    (c)	In our opinion and according to the information
  Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other                            and explanations given to us by the
  statutory dues were in arrears as at 31 March 2026                      management, the Company has not obtained
  for a period of more than six months from the date                      any term loans. Accordingly, clause 3(ix)(c) of
  they became payable.                                                    the Order is not applicable.
    ( b) According to the information and explanations              (d)	According to the information and explanations
     given to us and on the basis of our examination                      given to us and on an overall examination of
     of the records of the Company, there are no                          the standalone financial statements of the
     statutory dues relating to Goods and Service                         Company, we report that no funds raised on
     Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance,                      short-term basis have been used for long-term
     Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other                         purposes by the Company.
     statutory dues, which have not been deposited
                                                                     (e)	According to the information and explanations
     with the appropriate authorities on account of
                                                                          given to us and on an overall examination of
     any dispute.
                                                                          the standalone financial statements of the
(viii)	
      According to the information and explanations                       Company, we report that the Company has
      given to us and on the basis of our examination                     taken funds from following entities and persons
      of the records of the Company, the Company has                      on account of or to meet the obligations of its
      not surrendered or disclosed any transactions,                      subsidiaries (as defined under the Act) as per
      previously unrecorded as income in the books of                     details below:
      account, in the tax assessments under the Income
                                                                     (f)	According to the information and explanations
      Tax Act, 1961 as income during the year.
                                                                          given to us and procedures performed by
(ix) (a)	According to the information and explanations                   us, wereport that the Company has not
          given to us and on the basis of our examination                 raised loans during the year on the pledge of
          of the records of the Company, the Company                      securities held inits subsidiaries (as defined
                                                                          under the Act).


     Nature of     Name of   Amount involved Name of the relevant                        Nature of transaction for Remarks, if
                                                                        Relationship
     fund taken    lender    (₨)             subsidiary                                  which funds utilised      any
     Initial Public Public    INR 940 crores Ola Electric Technologies Subsidiary        These has been utilized NA
     Offer                                   Private Limited                             for general corporate
                                                                                         purposes, research
                                                                                         and development
                                                                                         activities and re-
                                                                                         payment of debt.
     Initial Public Public    INR 208 crores Ola Cell Technologies      Subsidiary       These has been utilized NA
     Offer                                   Private Limited                             for general corporate
                                                                                         purposes, research
                                                                                         and development
                                                                                         activities .




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                247
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

(x) (a)	
        In our opinion, moneys raised by way of               (xiv) (a)	
                                                                        Based on information and explanations
        initial public offer during the year, have been,                provided to us and our audit procedures, in
        prima facie, applied by the Company for the                     our opinion, the Company has an internal
        purpose for which they were raised. However,                    audit system commensurate with the size and
        some portion of the amount raised, which                        nature of its business.
        remain unutilised during the year, have been
        temporarily invested in bank deposits and                  (b)	We have considered the internal audit reports
        placed in current accounts as on 31 March 2026.                 of the Company issued till date for the period
        These unutilised monies are in the books of the                 under audit.
        Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries.            (xv)	In our opinion and according to the information
      (b)	According to the information and explanations            and explanations given to us, the Company has
           given to us and on the basis of our examination          not entered into any non-cash transactions with its
           of the records of the Company, the Company               directors or persons connected to its directors and
           has not made any preferential allotment or               hence, provisions of Section 192 of the Act are not
           private placement of shares or fully or partly           applicable to the Company.
           convertible debentures during the year.            (xvi) (a) 	The Company is not required to be registered
           Accordingly, clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is                    under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
           not applicable.                                                India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of
(xi) (a)	
         During the course of our examination of                          the Order is not applicable.
         the books and records of the Company and                  (b)	The Company is not required to be registered
         according to the information and explanations                  under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of
         given to us, no fraud by the Company or on the                 India Act, 1934. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of
         Company has been noticed or reported during                    the Order is not applicable.
         the year.
                                                                   (c)	
                                                                       The Company is not a Core Investment
                                                                       Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations
      (b)	According to the information and explanations               made by the Reserve Bank of India. Accordingly,
           given to us, no report under sub-section (12)               clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
           of Section 143 of the Act has been filed by the
           auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under              (d)	
                                                                       The Company is not part of any group (as
           Rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors)               defined in the regulations made by the Reserve
           Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.                    Bankof India). Accordingly, the requirements of
                                                                       clause 3(xvi)(d) are not applicable.
      (c)	
          As represented to us by the management,
          there are no whistle blower complaints              (xvii) The Company has incurred cash losses of Rs 5,165
          received by the company during the year..                   lakhs in the current financial year, however, no cash
                                                                      loss was incurred in the previous year.
(xii)	
      According to the information and explanations
      given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company.        (xviii)	There has been no resignation of the statutory
      Accordingly, clause 3(xii) of the Order is                      auditors during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(xviii)
      not applicable.                                                 of the Order is not applicable.

(xiii)	In our opinion and according to the information       (xix)	We draw attention to Note 2.7 to the standalone
        and explanations given to us, the transactions               financial statements which explains that the
        with related parties are in compliance with Section          Company has incurred a loss of INR 15,083 lakhs
        177 and 188 of the Act, where applicable, and the            (31 March 2025: loss of INR 3,921 lakhs) resulting
        details of the related party transactions have been          in accumulated losses of INR 58,244 lakhs as
        disclosed in the standalone financial statements as          at 31 March 2026 (31 March 2025: INR 46,947
        required by the applicable accounting standards.             lakhs). Further, the Company has positive cash
                                                                     flow from operations amounting to INR 10,421
                                                                     lakhs (Year Ended 31 March 2025: negative cash
                                                                     flow from operations amounting to INR 11,620
                                                                     lakhs) while the Company continues to have
                                                                     operating losses during the year ended 31 March
                                                                     2026. Further, the Company has provided letter
                                                                     of support to all its subsidiaries indicating the
                                                                     Company’s intent to provide necessary financial
                                                                     support.Notwithstanding above, the Company’s


248
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

    management believes that the Company will be                                                           For B S R & Co. LLP
    able to continue to operate as a going concern for                                                Chartered Accountants
    the foreseeable future and meet all its liabilities as                       Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022
    they fall due for payment based on a) available cash
    and bank balances; b) expected future operating                                                         Umang Banka
    cash flows of material subsidiaries based on its                                                               Partner
    business projections from expansion of its business                                            Membership No.: 223018
    operations, increase in gross margins, launch of new                                    ICAI UDIN:26223018PHFDJI5077
                                                              Place: Bengaluru
    products and expected operational efficiencies; c)
    available credit limits; and d) ongoing discussions       Date: 20 May 2026
    with investors/lenders to secure additional
    funding from institutional investors.On the basis
    of the above and according to the information and
    explanations given to us, on the basis of the financial
    ratios, ageing and expected dates of realisation of
    financial assets and payment of financial liabilities,
    our knowledge of the Board of Directors and
    management plans and based on our examination
    of the evidence supporting the assumptions,
    nothing has come to our attention, which causes us
    to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on
    the date of the audit report that the Company is not
    capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date
    of balance sheet as and when they fall due within
    a period of one year from the balance sheet date.
    We, however, state that this is not an assurance as
    to the future viability of the Company. We further
    state that our reporting is based on the facts up
    to the date of the audit report and we neither give
    any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities
    falling due within a period of fifteen months from
    the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the
    Company as and when they fall due.
(xx)	In our opinion and according to the information and
      explanations given to us, due to losses inlast three
      preceding years, the Company is not required to
      spend any amount under sub-section(5)of Section
      135 of the Act pursuant to any project. Accordingly,
      clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b)of the Order are
      not applicable.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                249
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

Annexure B
to the Independent Auditor’s Report on the standalone financial statements
of Ola Electric Mobility Limited for the year ended 31 March 2026

Report on the internal financial controls with reference      Auditor’s Responsibility
to the aforesaid standalone financial statements
                                                              Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of
                                                              Company’s internal financial controls with reference to
the Act
                                                              financial statements based on our audit. We conducted
                                                              our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the
(Referred to in paragraph 2(A)(g) under ‘Report on
                                                              Standards on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10)
Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of
                                                              of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal
our report of even date)
                                                              financial controls with reference to financial statements.
                                                              Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that
                                                              we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
Opinion
                                                              perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
We have audited the internal financial controls with          about whether adequate internal financial controls with
reference to financial statements of Ola Electric             reference to financial statements were established and
Mobility Limited (“the Company”) as of 31 March 2026          maintained and if such controls operated effectively in
in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial     all material respects.
statements of the Company for the year ended on
                                                              Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain
that date.
                                                              audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects,    financial controls with reference to financial statements
adequate internal financial controls with reference           and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal
to financial statements and such internal financial           financial controls with reference to financial statements
controls were operating effectively as at 31 March            included obtaining an understanding of internal
2025, based on the internal financial controls with           financial controls with reference to financial statements,
reference to financial statements criteria established        assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
by the Company considering the essential components           and testing and evaluating the design and operating
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit      effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting       risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of           judgement, including the assessment of the risks of
India (the “Guidance Note”).                                  material misstatement of the standalone financial
                                                              statements, whether due to fraud or error.
Management’s and Board of Director’s Responsibilities
                                                              We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
for Internal Financial Controls
                                                              sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors           opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls
are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal     with reference to financial statements.
financial controls based on the internal financial controls
with reference to financial statements criteria established   Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with Reference
by the Company considering the essential components           to Financial Statements
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These
                                                              A company’s internal financial controls with reference
responsibilities include the design, implementation and
                                                              to financial statements is a process designed to provide
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that
                                                              reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and
                                                              reporting and the preparation of financial statements
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence
                                                              for external purposes in accordance with generally
to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets,
                                                              accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors,
                                                              financial controls with reference to financial statements
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting
                                                              include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial
                                                              the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
information, as required under the Act.
                                                              accurately and fairly reflect the




250
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

transactions and dispositions of the assets of the                                                         For B S R & Co. LLP
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that                                                        Chartered Accountants
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit                                 Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022
preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and                                                          Umang Banka
that receipts and expenditures of the company are                                                                  Partner
being made only in accordance with authorisations of                                               Membership No.: 223018
management and directors of the company; and (3)                                            ICAI UDIN:26223018PHFDJI5077
                                                              Place: Bengaluru
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or         Date: 20 May 2026
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with
Reference to Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements, including
the possibility of collusion or improper management
override of controls, material misstatements due to
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also,
projections of any evaluation of the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements to future
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial
controls with reference to financial statements may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                251
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                          All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated


Particulars                                                               Notes                 As at               As at
                                                                                      March 31, 2026      March 31, 2025
ASSETS
Non-current assets
     (a) Property, plant and equipment                                      4A                    722                952
     (b) Capital work-in-progress                                           4B                      -                  -
     (c) Goodwill                                                           5A                    619                619
     (d) Other Intangible assets                                            5A                  1,386              1,057
     (e) Intangible assets under development                                5B                  1,048                409
     (f) Financial assets
           (i) Investments                                                  10            10,16,129            9,01,073
           (ii) Other financial assets                                      13                    -               4,211
(g) Deferred tax assets (net)                                               35                    -                   -
(h) Other tax assets (net)                                                  6                   623                 574
(i) Other non-current assets                                                7                 3,455               4,797
Total non-current assets                                                                  10,23,982            9,13,692

Current assets
    (a) Inventories                                                          9                     30                  23
    (b) Financial assets
		        (i) Investments                                                   10                    -                 197
		        (ii) Trade receivables                                            11                  523                 523
		        (iii) Cash and cash equivalents                                   12               19,338               3,431
		        (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above                         12               60,673            1,85,383
		        (v) Other financial assets                                        13               22,330              56,519
    (c) Other current assets                                                 8                3,628               4,652
Total current assets                                                                       1,06,522            2,50,728
Total assets                                                                              11,30,504           11,64,420
Equity and Liabilities
Equity
    (a) Equity share capital                                                14              4,41,083            4,41,083
    (b) Other equity                                                        15
		        (ii) Reserves and Surplus                                                        6,54,910            6,60,570
		        (iii) Items of other comprehensive income                         10                (3,786)                 -
Total equity                                                                              10,92,207           11,01,653
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities:
    (a) Financial liabilities
		      (i) Borrowings                                                     19B                                   32,991
		(b) Provisions                                                           19A                      9                19
    (c) Other non- current liabilities                                      18                     42               145
Total non-current liabilities                                                                      51            33,155

Current liabilities:
    (a) Financial liabilities
		       (i) Borrowings                                                    19B                32,127              23,636
		(ii) Trade payables                                                       16
			-Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises;                           694                  10
              and




252
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated


Particulars                                                                      Notes                 As at               As at
                                                                                             March 31, 2026      March 31, 2025
			-Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises                                  2,423               2602
               and small enterprises
(iii) Other financial liabilities                                                   17               2,690               3,076
(b) Other current liabilities                                                       18                 283                 242
(c) Provisions                                                                     19A                  29                  46
Total current liabilities                                                                           38,246              29,612
Total liabilities                                                                                   38,297              62,767
Total equity and liabilities                                                                     11,30,504           11,64,420



Material accounting policies                                                         3
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these standalone financial statements.

As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                  Bhavish Aggarwal                      Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                      Chairman and Managing Director        Director
Membership No.: 223018                       DIN: 03287473                         DIN : 01338477

                                             Place: Bengaluru                      Place: Bengaluru
                                             Date: 20 May 2026                     Date: 20 May 2026

                                             Abhishek Jain                         Deepak Rastogi
                                             Company Secretary                     Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                             Place : Bengaluru                     Place : Bengaluru
Date : 20 May 2026                           Date : 20 May 2026                    Date : 20 May 2026




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    253
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                            All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated



       Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss                                              Notes      For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                                           31 March 2026        31 March 2025
       Income
I      Revenue from operations                                                                20                    249                 343
II     Other income                                                                           21                  7,890              19,197
III    Total income (I+II)                                                                                        8,139              19,540

IV     Expenses
       Purchase of stock-in-trade                                                             22                   136                  407
       Changes in inventories of stock-in-trade                                               23                    (7)                 202
       Employee benefits expense                                                              24                 1,406                1,403
       Impairment losses on financial assets                                                  38                 4,665                4,826
       Other expenses                                                                         27                 4,030                7,179
       Total expenses (IV)                                                                                      10,230               14,017

V      (Loss)/Profit before finance costs, depreciation, amortisation and tax                                    (2,091)               5,523
       expense
        Finance costs                                                                         25                 8,464                 9,150
        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                 26                   311                   345
VI      Loss before tax                                                                                        (10,866)               (3,972)

VII    Tax expense
       (1) Current tax                                                                        35                    433                     -
       (2) Deferred tax                                                                       35                      -                     -
       Total tax expense (1+2)                                                                                      433                     -

VIII   Loss for the year (VI-VII)                                                                              (11,299)               (3,972)

IX     Other comprehensive income / (loss) ('OCI')
       Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
       (i) Remeasurements of defined benefit liability                                        30                      2                   51
       (ii) Fair value changes on equity investments through OCI                              10                 (3,786)                   -
       (iii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                             -                    -
        Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the year, net of tax                                            (3,784)                   51
X      Total comprehensive loss for the year (VIII+IX)                                                         (15,083)               (3,921)

XI     Earnings per equity share (face value of INR 10 each)                                  33
       (1) Basic Earnings per equity share                                                                        (0.26)               (0.10)
       (2) Diluted Earnings per equity share (i.e. anti-dilutive)                                                 (0.26)               (0.10)

       Material accounting policies                                                            3




254
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these standalone financial statements.

As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                  Bhavish Aggarwal                      Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                      Chairman and Managing Director        Director
Membership No.: 223018                       DIN: 03287473                         DIN : 01338477

                                             Place: Bengaluru                      Place: Bengaluru
                                             Date : 20 May 2026                    Date : 20 May 2026

                                             Abhishek Jain                         Deepak Rastogi
                                             Company Secretary                     Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                             Place : Bengaluru                     Place : Bengaluru
Date : 20 May 2026                           Date : 20 May 2026                    Date : 20 May 2026




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    255
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                        All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated
A     (a)   Equity share capital
                                                                                                                             1,95,545
             As at 1 April 2024                                                                                                72,376
             Issue of equity shares during the year (refer note 14)                                                          1,73,162
             Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14)                                        4,41,083
             Balance as at 31 March 2025
             As at 1 April 2025                                                                                              4,41,083
             Balance as at 31 March 2026                                                                                     4,41,083
      (b)   Instruments entirely equity in nature -
            Compulsorily convertible preference shares (CCPS)

            As at 1 April 2024                                                                                                2,97,331
            Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14)                                         (2,97,331)
            Balance as at 31 March 2025                                                                                              -
            As at 1 April 2025                                                                                                       -
            Balance as at 31 March 2026                                                                                               -

C     Other equity

                                                                                Items of other comprehensive
                                                     Reserves and surplus                  income

Particulars                                                                          Share
                                              Other                                options                  Equity
                                       components Securities        Retained   outstanding            instruments              Total
                                          of equity premium         earnings       account            through OCI             equity
As at 1 April 2024                         (2,742)     92,024      (40,284)         25,446                     -          74,444
 Total comprehensive loss for the
year ended 31 March 2025
 Loss for the year                              -              -    (3,972)                   -                -           (3,972)
 Other comprehensive income                     -              -        51                    -                -               51
 Total comprehensive (loss)/                    -              -    (3,921)                   -                -           (3,921)
income
Contributions by and distributions
to owners
Equity-settled share-based                      -              -          -              4,097                 -            4,097
payments (refer note 36)
Exercise of share options through               -      12,110             -        (12,110)                    -                 -
OEM Employee Welfare Trust
Conversion of compulsorily                  2,742    1,24,171        (2,742)                  -                -        1,24,171
convertible preference shares (refer
note 14A(b)(ii))
Proceeds from issue of equity                   -    4,77,624             -                   -                -        4,77,624
shares (refer note 14)
Employee discount on issue of                   -           56            -                   -                -                56
equity shares
Transaction costs towards the issue             -     (15,901)            -                   -                -          (15,901)
of equity shares
Total contributions by and                 2,742     5,98,060       (2,742)         (8,013)                    -        5,90,047
distributions to owners
Balance as at 31 March 2025                     -    6,90,084      (46,947)         17,433                     -        6,60,570




256
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

                                                                                  Items of other comprehensive
                                                    Reserves and surplus                     income

Particulars                                                                             Share
                                             Other                                    options             Equity
                                      components Securities        Retained       outstanding       instruments           Total
                                         of equity premium         earnings           account       through OCI         equity
 Balance as at 1 April 2025                     -   6,90,084       (46,947)            17,433                    -     6,60,570
Total comprehensive income for                             -        (1,827)                17                 (38)      (1,848)
the year ended 31 March 2026
 Loss for the year                              -
 Other comprehensive income                     -             -    (11,299)                     -               -      (11,299)
Total comprehensive Loss                        -             -           2                     -         (3,786)        (3,784)
                                                              -    (11,297)                     -         (3,786)      (15,083)
 Contributions by and distributions
to owners
 Equity-settled share-based                                   -               -         5,637                      -     5,637
payments (refer note 36)
 Exercise of share options through                    10,534                  -      (10,534)                      -           -
OEM Employee Welfare Trust (refer
note 36)
 Total contributions by and                           10,534                  -        (4,897)                     -     5,637
distributions to owners
 Balance as at 31 March 2026                        7,00,618       (58,244)            12,536             (3,786)      6,51,124


Material accounting policies (refer note 3)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these standalone financial statements.



As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                   Bhavish Aggarwal                           Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                       Chairman and Managing Director             Director
Membership No.: 223018                        DIN: 03287473                              DIN : 01338477

                                              Place: Bengaluru                           Place: Bengaluru
                                              Date : 20 May 2026                         Date : 20 May 2026

                                              Abhishek Jain                              Deepak Rastogi
                                              Company Secretary                          Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                              Place : Bengaluru                          Place : Bengaluru
Date : 20 May 2026                            Date : 20 May 2026                         Date : 20 May 2026




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26             257
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                   For the year       For the year
                                                                                                         ended              ended
                                                                                                31 March 2026      31 March 2025
A.    Cash flows from operating activities
      Loss before tax                                                                                  (10,866)            (3,972)
      Adjustments to reconcile loss before tax to net cash used in operating activities
      Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                 311                345
      Unrealized foreign exchange gain,net                                                                   (4)                  -
      Impairment losses on financial assets                                                               4,665              4,826
      Impairment of intangible assets under development                                                        -             1,992
      Interest income                                                                                   (6,118)           (15,651)
      Provision no longer required written back                                                                -              (554)
      Guarantee commission income                                                                       (1,258)             (1,430)
      Net gain on sale of mutual fund units                                                                 (21)              (119)
      Net loss due to fair valuation of mutual fund units                                                     21                71
      Finance costs                                                                                       8,464              9,150
      Equity settled share-based expense                                                                  1,141                 80
      Operating loss before working capital changes                                                     (3,665)            (5,262)
      Movement in Inventories                                                                                (7)               202
      Movement in other financial assets                                                                 12,177              1,442
      Movement in other assets                                                                            2,366             (2,627)
      Movement in trade payables                                                                            505               (223)
      Movement in other financial liabilities                                                             (386)             (3,387)
      Movement in other liabilities and provisions                                                          (87)            (1,607)
      Cash generated from/(used in) in operating activities                                              10,903           (11,462)
      Income tax paid                                                                                     (482)               (158)
      Net cash generated from/(used in) in operating activities (A)                                      10,421           (11,620)

B.    Cash flows from investing activities
      Investment in subsidiaries                                                                     (1,14,800)         (4,61,634)
      Application money paid for securities, pending allotment                                                -            (4,211)
      Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                            -                 4
      Proceeds from transfer of capital work in progress                                                    253                  -
      Proceeds from transfer of intangibles under development                                             4,577              (168)
      Development expenditure on internally generated intangible assets                                   (305)              (280)
      Proceeds from sale of mutual funds units                                                              197             2,636
      Purchase of mutual funds units                                                                          -              (199)
      Proceeds from interest bearing deposits                                                          4,50,133          4,86,417
      Investment in interest bearing deposits                                                        (3,11,439)         (5,65,315)
      Interest received                                                                                   9,828            13,269
      Net cash generated from/(used in) in investing activities (B)                                      38,444         (5,29,481)

C.    Cash flows from financing activities
      Proceeds from issue of equity share capital (net of expenses) (refer note 14)                           -          5,50,000
      Transaction costs related to issue of share capital                                                     -           (15,901)
      Proceeds from issue of non-convertible debentures (refer note 19B)                                      -            20,000
      Transaction costs towards issue of non-convertible debentures (refer note 19B)                          -              (200)
      Repayment to debenture holders                                                                   (25,064)            (4,100)
      Interest paid                                                                                     (7,894)            (8,723)
      Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities (C )                                      (32,958)          5,41,076
      Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)                                         15,907               (25)
      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                              3,431             3,456
      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                   19,338             3,431

      Components of cash and cash equivalents (refer note 12)


258
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

                                                                                                 For the year        For the year
                                                                                                       ended               ended
                                                                                              31 March 2026       31 March 2025
      Cash in hand                                                                                            0                 0
      Balance with Banks
      -On current account                                                                               2,101              2,395
       -Deposits with original maturity of less than three months                                      17,237              1,036
                                                                                                       19,338              3,431


Reconciliation of financial liabilities forming part of financing activities in accordance with IND AS 7:


Particulars                                        As at      Cash flows                           Non Cash                As at
                                           1 April 2025        principal        Interest**          Changes       31 March 2026
Non-Current Borrowings (including              56,627           (25,064)          (7,894)             8,458              32,127
current maturities of non current
borrowings)
Total                                          56,627          (25,064)           (7,894)             8,458             32,127


                                                   As at      Cash flows                           Non Cash                 As at
Particulars
                                           1 April 2024        principal        Interest**          Changes         1 April 2025
Non-Current Borrowings (including              40,500           15,700            (8,723)             9,150              56,627
current maturities of non current
borrowings)
Total                                          40,500           15,700            (8,723)             9,150             56,627


The Company has elected to present cash flows from operating activities using the indirect method. Alternatively, an entity
may present operating cash flows using the direct method.

Material accounting policies (refer note 3)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of these standalone financial statements.

As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022 Bhavish Aggarwal                        Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
                                          Chairman and Managing Director         Director
 Umang Banka                              DIN: 03287473                          DIN : 01338477
 Partner                                  Place: Bengaluru                       Place: Bengaluru
 Membership No.: 223018                   Date : 20 May 2026                     Date : 20 May 2026

                                              Abhishek Jain                         Deepak Rastogi
 Place: Bengaluru                             Company Secretary                     Chief Financial Officer
 Date: 20 May 2026                            Place: Bengaluru                      Place: Bengaluru
                                              Date : 20 May 2026                    Date : 20 May 2026




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   259
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                            All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
Ola Electric Mobility Limited (referred to as the “Company” or “Ola Electric”), is a Company incorporated on 3
February 2017 under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). The Company got listed on National
Stock Exchange and Bombay Stock Exchange on 09 August 2024. The companies registered office located in Wing
C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Koramangala VI Bk, Bangalore,
Bangalore South, Karnataka, India, 560095. The Company is involved in trading of electric 2W chargers and related
accessories & products.

2. 	 BASIS OF PREPARATION

2.1 STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
The standalone financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS)
as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Companies Act”).				
The Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2016.
The standalone financial statements were authorised for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on 20 May 2026.
Details of the Company’s material accounting policies are included in note 3.

2.2 FUNCTIONAL AND PRESENTATION CURRENCY
These standalone financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees (“INR” or “₨”), which is also the Company’s
functional currency. All amounts are presented in ₨ in Lakhs , unless otherwise indicated. All amounts has been
roundedoff to the nearest lakh, unless otherwise indicated.”0” refers to amount less than INR 50,000.

2.3 BASIS OF MEASUREMENT
These standalone financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost convention and on an accrual
basis except for the following items:

Items                                                    Measurement basis
Certain financial assets                                 Fair value
Liabilities for equity-settled share-based payment       Fair value
arrangements
Net defined benefit liability                            Present value of defined benefit obligations
Non Current Investment (Other than subsidiaries)         Fair value through OCI
Investment in Subsidiaries                               At Cost

2.4 USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
The preparation of the standalone financial statements in conformity with Ind AS requires management to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying
assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.

JUDGEMENTS
There are no judgements required in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effects on the
amounts recognised in the standalone financial statements				
Note 3.3 Intangible assets: Key judgements whether these meet the definition of an intangible asset, i.e.
identifiability, control over a resource and existence of future economic benefits and it is probable that the
expected future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset will flow to the entity and the cost of the
asset can be measured reliably.				




260
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTIES                        b)   it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded; or
Information about assumptions and estimation                    c) 	it is due to be settled within 12 months after the
uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in           reporting date; or
a material adjustment in the amounts recognised in the
Standalone Financial Statements for the year ended              d) 	the Company does not have an unconditional right
31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 are included in the                  to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12
following notes:			                                                  months after the reporting date. Terms of a liability
                                                                     that could, at the option of the counterparty, result
Note 3.1 Acquisition of Business: Fair value of assets               in its settlement by the issue of equity instruments
acquired and liabilities assumed;				                                do not affect its classification.
Note 3.2 and Note 3.3 - useful life of property, plant and      Current liabilities include current portion of non-current
equipment and intangibles; (refer note 4A and 5A)		             financial liabilities.
Note 3.4 Impairment test of goodwill and intangible             All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
assets: key assumptions underlying recoverable
amounts, including the recoverability of development            OPERATING CYCLE
costs; (refer note 38)				                                      Operating cycle is the time between the acquisition of
Note 3.8 measurement of defined benefit obligations             assets for processing and their realization in cash or
key actuarial assumptions; (refer note 30)			                   cash equivalents.

Note 3.11 recognition and measurement of provisions             Company has ascertained its operating cycle being a
and contingencies: key assumptions about the likelihood         period of 12 months for the purpose of classification
and magnitude of an outflow of resources; (refer note           of assets and liabilities into current and non-current.
19A and 29)				
Note 3.16 determining the net realisable value (‘NRV’) of
inventories for determining lower of cost or NRV (refer
note 9)				

Current/ Non-current classification

ASSETS
An asset is classified as current when it satisfies any of
the following criteria:
a) 	it is expected to be realised in, or is intended for
     sale or consumption in, the Company’s normal
     operating cycle;
b) 	it is held primarily for the purpose of being traded; or
c) 	it is expected to be realised within 12 months after
     the reporting date; or
d) 	or it is cash or cash equivalent unless it is restricted
     from being exchanged or used to settle a liability for
     at least 12 months after the reporting date.
Current assets include the current portion of non-
current financial assets.
All other assets are classified as non-current.


LIABILITIES
A liability is classified as current when it satisfies any of
the following criteria:
a)	 it is expected to be settled in the Company’s normal
      operating cycle; or



                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    261
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                   All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

2.5 MEASUREMENT OF FAIR VALUES                                    Note 3.8 - defined benefit obligations				
A number of the Company’s accounting policies and                 Note 3.8 - share-based payment arrangements
disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for
both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.          Note 3.13 - financial instruments				
The Company has an established control framework                  Note 3.1 - business combination
with respect to the measurement of fair values.
Significant valuation issues, if any, are reported to the         2.6 COST RECOGNITION POLICY
Company’s Management.
                                                                  Cost and expenses are recognised when incurred and
Fair values are categorised into different levels in a            are classified according to their nature. Expenditure
fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the              are capitalised, where appropriate, in accordance with
valuation techniques as follows:                                  the policy for internally generated intangible assets
                                                                  and represents employee costs, cost of material and
- Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
                                                                  other expenses incurred for construction and product
   for identical assets or liabilities;
                                                                  development undertaken by the Company.
- Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in
                                                                  2.7 GOING CONCERN			
   Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
   either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived   The Company has positive cash flow from operations
   from prices);                                                  amounting to INR 10,421 lakhs during the year ended
                                                                  March 31, 2026 (Year ended March 31, 2025: negative
- Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not
                                                                  cash flow from operations amounting to INR 11,620
   based on observable market data (unobservable
                                                                  lakhs) while the Company continues to have operating
   inputs).
                                                                  losses during the year ended March 31, 2026. Further,
The Company has an established control framework                  the Company has also provided letters of support to
with respect to the measurement of fair values. This              all its subsidiaries indicating the Company’s intent to
includes a finance team that has overall responsibility           provide necessary financial support, which requires
for overseeing all significant fair value measurements,           the Company to consider mitigating circumstances,
including Level 3 fair values.                                    in order to support its operations and meet its
                                                                  continuing obligations.
The     Company       regularly    reviews    significant
unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If                 Accordingly, the Company’s management has carried
third party information is used to measure fairvalues,            out an assessment of its going concern assumption and
then the finance team assesses the evidence obtained              believes that the Company will be able to continue to
from the third parties to support the conclusion that             operate as a going concern for the foreseeable future
these valuations meet the requirements of Ind AS,                 and meet all its liabilities as they fall due for payment. To
including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which          arrive at such judgement, management has considered
the valuations should be classified                               a) available cash and bank balances; b) expected future
                                                                  operating cash flows of a material subsidiaries based on
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability,
                                                                  its business projections from expansion of its business
the Company uses observable market data as far as
                                                                  operations, increase in gross margins, launch of new
possible. If the inputs used to measure the fair value
                                                                  products, and expected operational efficiencies; c)
of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the
                                                                  available credit limits; and d) on going discussions with
fair value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement
                                                                  investors/lenders to secure additional funding from
is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the
                                                                  institutional investors.
fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is
significant to the entire measurement.                            The Shareholders’ at their meeting held on August
                                                                  22, 2025 approved the extension of the timeline for
The Company recognises transfers between levels
                                                                  utilization of Initial Public Offering (IPO) proceeds
of the fair value hierarchy at the end of the reporting
                                                                  including reallocation of utilization among the Objects
period during which the change has occurred.
                                                                  of the Prospectus and subsequently through a postal
Further information about the assumptions made                    ballot on April 22, 2026 approved a further reallocation
in measuring fair values is included in the following             of such proceeds among the Objects of the Prospectus
notes:				                                                        from the IPO which as below:




262
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                               All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated




                                                                                    Net IPO proceeds
                                                                                      to be utilized as    Net IPO proceeds
                                                                                     per reallocation    to be utilized as per
                                                                                         approved by    relocation approved
                                                                Net IPO proceeds shareholder through subsequently through
     Sl No Object of IPO		                                    to be utilized as per    meeting dated      postal ballot dated
                                                                       prospectus    August 22, 2025           April 22, 2026
1        Capital expenditure to be incurred by our                     1,22,764                       -                       0
         Subsidiary, Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited
         for expansion of the capacity of cell
         manufacturing plant from 5 GWh to 6.4 GWh

2        Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the                80,000                80,000                  80,000
         indebtedness incurred by our Subsidiary, Ola
         Electric Technologies Private Limited		

3        Investment into research and product development              1,60,000              1,50,500                  93,000


4        Expenditure to be incurred for organic growth                   35,000              1,20,064                1,30,064
         initiatives
5        General corporate purposes		                                  1,29,742              1,37,442                1,37,442
6        Repayment or Prepayment, in full or part, of the                     -                39,500                  87,000
         indebtedness incurred by the Company and/or its
         subsidiaries
         Total Net Proceeds                                            5,27,506              5,27,506                5,27,506



As part of its funding plans, the Company is in the process    goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.
of raising additional equity capital through a proposed        Any gain on bargain purchase is recognised in Other
qualified institutional placement (QIP) and has initiated      Comprehensive Income (“OCI”) and accumulated in
active discussions with institutional investors. The           equity as capital reserve if there exist clear evidence
Company has obtained the Shareholders’ approvals,              of the underlying reason for classifying the business
appointed their advisors and have substantially                combination as resulting in bargain purchase;
completed the investor engagement.                             otherwise the gain is recognised directly in equity
                                                               as capital reserve. Transaction cost are expensed
The proceeds from the proposed QIP are expected
                                                               as incurred, except to the extent related to debt or
to strengthen the Company’s liquidity position and
                                                               equity securities.					
support ongoing capital expenditure and working
capital requirements.					                                     The consideration transferred does not include
                                                               amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing
Accordingly, these standalone financial statements
                                                               relationships with the acquiree. Such amounts are
have been prepared on a going concern basis.		
                                                               generally recognised in profit and loss.			
3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES                             Any contingent consideration is measured at fair
                                                               value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay
3.1	BUSINESS       COMBINATION        (OTHER     THAN         contingent consideration that meets the definition
     COMMON CONTROL BUSINESS COMBINATIONS)                     of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then
In accordance with Ind AS 103, the Company accounts            it is not remeasured subsequently and settlement
for business combinations using the acquisition method         is accounted for within equity. Other contingent
when the acquired set of activities and assets meets           consideration is remeasured at fair value at each
the definition of business and control is transferred to       reporting date and changes in the fair value of the
the Company. The consideration transferred for the             contingent consideration are recognised in profit and
business combination is generally measured at fair             loss.
value as at the date the control is acquired (acquisition
                                                               If business combination is achieved in stages, any
date), as are the net identifiable assets acquired. Any
                                                               previously held equity interest in the acquiree is


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   263
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

re-measured to its acquisition date fair value and any           the item and restoring the site on which it is located.
resulting gain or loss is recognised in statement of profit
                                                                 If significant parts of an item of property, plant and
and loss or OCI, as appropriate.					
                                                                 equipment have different useful lives, then they are
                                                                 accounted for as separate items (major components) of
3.2 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                 property, plant and equipment.
Recognition and measurement                                      Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property,
The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment             plant and equipment is recognised in statement of
shall be recognised as an asset if, and only if it is probable   profit and loss.
that future economic benefits associated with the item
                                                                 Advances paid towards the acquisition of property,
will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be
                                                                 plant and equipment outstanding at each balance
measured reliably.
                                                                 sheet date are shown under non-current other assets.
Items of property, plant and equipment (including                Advances paid towards the acquisition of property,
Capital work in progress) are measured at cost, which            plant and equipment outstanding at each balance sheet
includes capitalised borrowing costs, less accumulated           date are shown under as other non-current assets.
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.
                                                                 Subsequent expenditure
Cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
comprises its purchase price, including import duties            Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only if it is
and non-refundable purchase taxes, after deducting               probable that the future economic benefits associated
trade discounts and rebates, any directly attributable           with the expenditure will flow to the Company
cost of bringing the item to its working condition for its       and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
intended use and estimated costs of dismantling and
removing the item and restoring the site on which it             Depreciation
is located.
                                                                 Depreciation is calculated on cost of items of property,
The cost of a self-constructed item of property, plant           plant and equipment less their estimated residual values
and equipment comprises the cost of materials and                over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to          method, and is recognised in the statement of profit
bringing the item to working condition for its intended          and loss. Leasehold improvements are amortised over
use, and estimated costs of dismantling and removing             the useful life of the assets.The estimated useful lives of

               Class of assets                       Management estimate of                              Useful life as
                                                       useful life in years                             per Schedule II
           Computer equipment                                2 to 3                                           3
             Computer server                                    6                                             6
         Leasehold improvements             Over the primary lease period or useful                          NA
                                                   life, whichever is shorter
            Office equipment                                 2 to 10                                          5
          Furniture and fixtures                             2 to 10                                         10
          Electronic equipment                               2 to 10                                         10
              Motor vehicles                                  2 to 8                                          8
            Plant & machinery                                2 to 20                                       15 to 25



items of property, plant and equipment for the current           Depreciation method, useful lives and residual values
and comparative years are as follows:                            are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted
                                                                 if appropriate.
Based on technical evaluation and consequent advice,
the management believes that its estimates of useful             Depreciation on additions/(disposals) is provided on a
lives as given above best represent the period over              pro-rata basis i.e. from/ (upto) the date on which asset
which management expects to use these assets, which              is ready for use/ (disposed off).
is different, in certain cases, from the useful lives as
                                                                 3.3 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
prescribed under Part C of Schedule II of the Companies
Act, 2013.




264
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Recognition and measurement                                   Subsequent expenditure
                                                              Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it
Goodwill
                                                              increases the future economic benefits embodied in
Goodwill is initially recognised based on the accounting      the specific asset to which it relates and the cost of the
policy for business combinations and is tested for            asset can be measured reliably. All other expenditure,
impairment annually.                                          including expenditure on internally generated Goodwill
                                                              and brands, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.
Other intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on         Amortisation
initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets    Other intangible assets are amortised over their
acquired in a business combination is recognised at fair      respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-
value at the date of acquisition. An intangible asset is      line basis, from the date that they are available for use.
recognised only if it is probable that future economic        The estimated useful life of an identifiable intangible
benefits attributable to the asset will flow to the           asset is based on a number of factors including the
Company and the cost of the asset can be measured             effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and
reliably. Following initial recognition, other intangible     other economic factors (such as the stability of the
assets, including those acquired by the Company in a          industry, and known technological advances), and the
business combination and have finite useful lives are         level of maintenance expenditures required to obtain
measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and            the expected future cash flows from the asset.
any accumulated impairment losses.					
                                                              The management estimates the useful lives for its
Intangible assets are amortised over their respective
                                                              intangible assets as follows:
individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis,
commencing from the date the asset is available to the                                                    Useful life
                                                               Class of assets
Company for its use and is included in depreciation and                                                   estimated (years)
amortisation expense in statement of profit and loss.         Product development                         5 years
Amortisation method, useful lives and residual values         (internally generated)
are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted if       Computer software                           3 years
appropriate.                                                  Domain name                                 10 years
Right to use “Ola” trade name has an indefinite life.         Goodwill                                    Indefinite Life
Management evaluates annually whether the business            Ola Brand (Trade name)                      Indefinite Life
circumstances continue to support an indefinite
useful life assessment for assets so classified. Based
on such review, useful life assessment may change             The amortisation period and the amortisation method for
from indefinite to finite. The impact of such changes is      finite-life intangible assets is reviewed at each financial
accounted for as a change in accounting estimate. Right       year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
to use Ola trade name acquired is initially recognised at
cost and is subsequently carried at cost less accumulated     For indefinite life intangible assets, the assessment
impairment losses.                                            of indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine
                                                              whether it continues, if not, it is impaired or changed
Internally generated intangible assets and Intangible         prospectively basis revised estimates.
assets under development
Development expenditure is capitalised as part of cost of     3.4 IMPAIRMENT
resulting intangible asset only if the expenditure can be
                                                              i. Impairment of financial assets
measured reliably, the product or process is technically
and commercially feasible, future economic benefits are       The Company recognises loss allowances for expected
probable and the Company intends to and has sufficient        credit losses on financial assets measured at amortised
resources to complete development and intends to              cost, debt investments measured at FVOCI and
use or sell the asset. Otherwise, it is recognised in the     contract assets.
statement of profit and loss as incurred. Subsequent to       At each reporting date, the Company assesses whether
initial recognition, the internally generated intangible      financial assets carried at amortised cost are credit
assets are measured at cost less accumulated                  impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit impaired’ when
amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.           one or more events that have a detrimental impact on
Intangible assets under development are tested for            the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset
impairment annually irrespective of whether there is          have occurred.
any indication of impairment.
                                                              For financial assets whose credit risk has not


                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                     265
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

significantly increased since initial recognition, loss         each reporting date to determine whether there is any
allowance equal to twelve months expected credit                indication of impairment. If any such indication exists,
losses is recognised. Loss allowance equal to the lifetime      then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
expected credit losses is recognised if the credit risk on      Goodwill and Intangible assets under development are
the financial instruments has significantly increased           tested annually for impairment.
since initial recognition.
                                                                For impairment testing, assets that do not generate
Loss allowances for trade receivables are always                independent cash inflows are Compared together into
measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit         cash-generating units (CGUs). Each CGU represents the
losses. Lifetime expected credit losses are the expected        smallest Company of assets that generates cash inflows
credit losses that result from all possible default events      that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other
over the expected life of a financial instrument.               assets or CGUs.					
In all cases, the maximum period considered when                The recoverable amount of a CGU (or an individual asset)
estimating expected credit losses is the maximum                is the higher of its value in use and its fair value less costs
contractual period over which the Company is exposed            to sell. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash
to credit risk.                                                 flows, discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
                                                                discount rate that reflects current market assessments
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial
                                                                of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
asset has increased significantly since initial recognition
                                                                CGU (or the asset).					
and when estimating ECLs, the Company considers
reasonable and supportable information that is relevant         An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount
and available without undue cost or effort. This includes       of an asset or CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable
both quantitative and qualitative information and               amount. Impairment losses are recognised in statement
analysis, based on the Company’s historical experience          of profit and loss.					
and informed credit assessment, that includes forward-
                                                                For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is
looking information.
                                                                allocated to the Company’s operating divisions which
                                                                represent the lowest level within the Company at which
Measurement of expected credit losses
                                                                the goodwill is measured for internal management
Expected credit losses are a probability weighted               purposes, which is not higher than the Company’s
estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured           operating segments.					
as the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the
difference between the cash flows due to the Company            In respect of assets for which impairment loss has been
in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that         recognised in prior periods, the Company reviews at
the Company expects to receive).                                each reporting date whether there is any indication
                                                                that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An
ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the       impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change
financial asset.                                                in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
                                                                amount. Such a reversal is made only to the extent
Presentation of allowance for expected credit losses            that the asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the
in the balance sheet                                            carrying amount that would have been determined, net
Loss allowances for financial assets measured at                of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss
amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying             had been recognised.
amount of the assets.
                                                                3.5 REVENUE RECOGNITION
Write-off                                                       Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written       promised products or services to customers for an
off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is   amount that reflects the consideration which the
no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the        Company expects to receive in exchange for those
case when the Company determines that the debtor                products or services. Revenue excludes taxes or duties
does not have assets or sources of income that could            collected on behalf of the government. In relation to
generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts             revenue from contracts with customers, amounts are
subject to the write off.                                       generally collected in advance.
                                                                y Revenue from sale of products are recognised when
ii. Impairment of non- financial assets and Investment
                                                                  control of goods are transferred to the buyer which
     in subsidiaries
                                                                  is generally on delivery for domestic sales and on
The Company’s non-financial assets and investment                 delivery on local port in India for export sales; as per
in subsidiaries, other than inventories, are reviewed at          the terms of sale. i.e.; at a point in time.

266
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                            All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

y Revenue from sale of services is recognised upon         is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
  completion of the performance obligation in the          payments or receipts through the expected life of the
  contract. i.e.; at a point in time.                      financial instrument to the gross carrying amount of
                                                           the financial asset or the amortised cost of the financial
Warranty considerations as a service                       liability. In calculating interest income and expense, the
Vehicles and parts sold by the Company include a           effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying
standard warranty to guarantee the vehicle complies        amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-
with agreed-upon specifications for a defined period       impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability.
of time. Where the warranty offering to the end
customer exceeds the standard market expectation for
similar products or provides a service in excess of the    3.7 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSACTIONS
assurance that the agreed-upon specification is met, the
                                                           Initial recognition-transactions in foreign currencies are
Company considers this to constitute a service to the
                                                           recorded by the Company at their respective functional
end customer and therefore a separate performance
                                                           currency spot rates at the date the transaction first
obligation. Revenue is recognised on a straight-line
                                                           qualifies for recognition. Monetary assets and liabilities
basis over the contractual period to which the warranty
                                                           denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the
service relates, up to which point it is recognised as a
                                                           functional currency spot rates of exchange at the reporting
contract liability.
                                                           date. The gains or losses resulting from such translations
“Revenue is measured based on the transaction price,       are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
which is the consideration, net of discounts and price     Non-monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities
concessions as specified in the contract with the          denominated in a foreign currency and measured at
customer. Revenues are recognised when collectability      fair value are translated at the exchange rate prevalent
of the resulting receivables is reasonably assured.        at the date when the fair value was determined.
                                                           Nonmonetary assets and non-monetary liabilities
A liability is recognised where payments are received
                                                           denominated in a foreign currency and measured
from customers before transferring control of the goods
                                                           at historical cost are translated at the exchange
being sold or providing services to the customer.
                                                           rate prevalent at the date of the transaction.
The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts           Transaction gains or losses realized upon settlement
with customers by nature of goods and service.             of foreign currency transactions are included in
                                                           determining net profit for the period in which the
Contract liabilities                                       transaction is settled. Revenue, expense and cash flow
A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods   items denominated in foreign currencies are translated
to a customer for which the Company has received           into the relevant functional currencies using the
consideration (or an amount of consideration is due)       exchange rate in effect on the date of the transaction.
from the customer. If a customer pays consideration        		
before the Company transfers goods or services to the      3.8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
customer, a contract liability is recognised when the
payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is       Short-term employee benefits
earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue
                                                           Employee benefits payable wholly within twelve months
when the Company performs under the contract.
                                                           of receiving employee services are classified as short-
                                                           term employee benefits. These benefits include salaries
3.6 RECOGNITION OF COMMISSION INCOME,
                                                           and wages, bonus, compensated absences and ex-
INTEREST INCOME OR INTEREST EXPENSE
                                                           gratia. Short-term employee benefit obligations are
Income from guarantee comission is recognised based        measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed
on percentage of corporate guranatee outstanding as        as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
at the year end, provided by the Company in relation to    for the amount expected to be paid e.g., under short-
loans taken by its subsidaries from banks.                 term cash bonus, if the Company has a present legal or
Income from online marketing is charged to Ola Electric    constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of
Technologies Private Limited at a rate of ₨1,570 for       past service provided by the employee and the amount
each lead that results in a successful sale through the    of obligation can be estimated reliably.
webpage. This income is recognized monthly, based on
the number of leads reconciled and mutually agreed         Post employment benefits
upon with Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited.
                                                           Defined contribution plans
Interest income or expense is recognised using the         A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit
effective interest method. The ‘effective interest rate’

                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   267
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into       benefits expense, together with a corresponding
a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive       increase in share options outstanding account in
obligation to pay further amounts. The Company makes           equity, over the period in which the performance and/
specified monthly contributions towards Government             or service conditions are fulfilled in a graded vesting
administered provident fund scheme. Obligations                manner. The amount recognised as expense is based
for contributions to defined contribution plans are            on the estimate of the number of awards for which the
recognised as an employee benefits expense in                  related service conditions are expected to be met, such
statement of profit and loss in the periods during which       that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is
the related services are rendered by employees.                based on the number of awards that do meet the related
                                                               service conditions at the vesting date.
Defined benefit plans
A defined benefit plan is a post-employment benefit plan       3.9 INCOME TAXES
other than a defined contribution plan. The Company’s          Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. It is
net obligation in respect of defined benefit plan is           recognised in statement of profit and loss except to
calculated by estimating the amount of future benefit          the extent that it relates to a business combination
that employees have earned in the current and prior            or to an item recognised directly in equity or in other
periods and discounting that amount.                           comprehensive income.
The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed
                                                               i. Current tax
annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
credit method.                                                 Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or
                                                               receivable on the taxable income or loss for the period
Re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability,          and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable in
which comprise actuarial gains and losses are recognised       respect of previous years. The amount of current tax
in other comprehensive income (OCI). The Company               reflects the best estimate of the tax amount expected
determines the net interest expense on the net defined         to be paid or received after considering the uncertainty,
benefit liability for the year by applying the discount rate   if any, related to income taxes. It is measured using tax
used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the          rates (and tax laws) enacted or substantively enacted by
beginning of the annual period to the then-net defined         the reporting date.
benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the
net defined benefit liability during the period as a result    Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are offset
of contributions and benefit payments. Net interest            only if there is a legally enforceable right to set off the
expense and other expenses related to defined benefit          recognised amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset
plans are recognised in statement of profit and loss.          and settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.

Other long term employee benefits- Compensated                 ii. Deferred tax
absences                                                       Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary
Accumulated absences expected to be carried forward            differences between the carrying amounts of assets
beyond twelve months is treated as long-term employee          and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
benefit for measurement purposes. The Company’s net            corresponding amounts used for taxation purposes.
obligation in respect of other long-term employee benefit      Deferred tax is also recognised in respect of carried
of accumulating compensated absences is the amount             forward tax losses and tax credits.
of future benefit that employees have accumulated              Deferred tax is not recognised for:
at the end of the year. That benefit is discounted to
determine its present value. The obligation is measured        y temporary differences on the initial recognition
annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit         of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not
credit method. Remeasurements are recognised in                  a business combination and at the time of the
profit or loss in the period in which they arise.                transaction (i) affects neither accounting nor taxable
                                                                 profit or loss and (ii) does not give raise to equal
The obligations are presented as current liabilities in          taxable and deductible temporary differences.
the balance sheet if the Company does not have an
unconditional right to defer the settlement for at least       y temporary differences related to investments in
twelve months after the reporting date.                          subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to the
                                                                 extent that the Company is able to control the timing
Share- based payment transactions                                of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is
                                                                 probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable
The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by
                                                                 future; and
the fair value at the date when the grants are made using a
Black Scholes model. The cost is recognised in employee

268
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

y taxable temporary differences arising on the initial          dilutive earning per share, only potential equity shares
  recognition of goodwill.                                      that are dilutive i.e. which reduces earnings per share or
                                                                increases loss per share are included.
Temporary differences in relation to a right-of-use asset
and a lease liability for a specific lease are regarded as
                                                                3.11 PROVISION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
a net package (the lease) for the purpose of recognising
deferred tax.                                                   A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event,
                                                                the Company has a present legal or constructive
Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it        obligation that can be estimated, and it is probable that
is probable that future taxable profits will be available       an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle
against which they can be used. The existence of unused         the obligation. If the effect of time value of money is
tax losses is strong evidence that future taxable profit        material, provisions are determined by discounting the
may not be available. Therefore, in case of a history of        expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects
recent losses, the Company recognises a deferred tax            current market assessments of the time value of money
asset only to the extent that it has sufficient taxable         and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of
temporary differences or there is convincing other              the discount is recognised as finance cost.
evidence that sufficient taxable profit will be available
against which such deferred tax asset can be realised.          A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the
Deferred tax assets unrecognised or recognised, are             present value of the lower of the expected cost of
reviewed at each reporting date and are recognised/             terminating the contract and the expected net cost of
reduced to the extent that it is probable/ no longer            continuing with the contract, which is determined based
probable respectively that the related tax benefit will         on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under
be realised.                                                    the contract and an allocation of other costs directly
                                                                related to fulfilling the contract. Before a provision is
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are              established, the Company recognises any impairment
expected to apply to the period when the asset is               loss on the assets associated with that contract.
realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws that
have been enacted or substantively enacted by the               Provisions for warranty-related costs are recognised
reporting date.                                                 when the product is sold to the customer. Initial
                                                                recognition is based on management estimate of
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax                product failure rates. The initial estimate of warranty-
consequences that would follow from the manner in               related costs is revised annually.
which the Company expects, at the reporting date,
to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets          A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises
and liabilities.                                                from past events whose existence will be confirmed
                                                                by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a    uncertain future events beyond the control of the
legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities     Company or a present obligation that is not recognized
and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by           because it is not probable that an outflow of resources
the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on        will be required to settle the obligation. A contingent
different tax entities, but they intend to settle current       liability also arises in extremely rare cases where there
tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets   is a liability that cannot be recognized because it cannot
and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.                be measured reliably.

3.10 EARNINGS PER SHARE                                         The Company does not recognize a contingent liability
                                                                but discloses its existence in the standalone financial
The basic earnings per share (‘EPS’) is computed by
                                                                statements. Contingent assets are not recognised or
dividing the net profit / (loss) after tax for the period
                                                                disclosed in financial statements since this may result in
attributable to equity shareholders by the weighted
                                                                the recognition of income that may never be realised.
average number of equity shares and compulsorily
                                                                However, when the realisation of income is virtually
convertible preference shares outstanding during the
                                                                certain, then the related asset is not a contingent asset
period and is adjusted for bonus issue.
                                                                and is recognised.
The number of shares used in computing diluted earnings
                                                                3.12 CASH FLOW STATEMENT
per share comprises the weighted average number of
shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share         Cash flows are reported using the indirect method,
and also the weighted average number of equity shares           whereby net loss before tax is adjusted for the effects
that could have been issued on the conversion of all            of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals
dilutive potential equity shares. Dilutive potential equity     or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or
shares are deemed converted as of the beginning of              payments and item of income or expenses associated
the period unless issued at a later date. In computing          with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows

                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    269
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

from operating, investing and financing activities of the     (iii) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
Company are segregated.                                       A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above
                                                              categories are subsequently fair valued through profit or loss.
3.13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                              (iv) Financial liabilities
Initial recognition
                                                              Financial liabilities are classified as measured at
The Company recognizes financial assets and financial
                                                              amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified
liabilities when it becomes a party to the contractual
                                                              as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading, it is a
provisions of the instrument. All financial assets
                                                              derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition.
and liabilities are recognized at fair value on initial
                                                              Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value
recognition, except for trade receivables without a
                                                              and net gains and losses, including any interest expense,
significant financing component which are initially
                                                              are recognised in profit or loss. Other financial liabilities
measured at transaction price. Transaction costs that
                                                              are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of
                                                              effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign
financial assets and financial liabilities, that are not at
                                                              exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or
fair value through profit or loss, are added to the fair
                                                              loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised
value on initial recognition.
                                                              in profit or loss.
Investments in Subsidiaries are carried at cost less
accumulated impairment losses, if any. On disposal of         b. Financial assets – Subsequent measurement and
investments in Subsidiaries, the difference between           gains and losses
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.               (i) Financial assets carried at amortised cost
                                                              These assets are subsequently measured at amortised
Subsequent measurement                                        cost using the effective interest method. The amortised
                                                              cost is reduced by impairment losses, if any. Interest
a. Non-derivative financial instruments                       income, foreign exchange gains and losses and
                                                              impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or
(i) Financial assets carried at amortised cost
                                                              loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.
A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortised
cost if it is held within a business where the objective      (ii) Financial assets carried at other comprehensive
is to hold the asset in order to collect contractual cash     income
flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset
                                                              These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                                                              Interest income calculated using the effective interest
payments of principal and interest on the principal
                                                              method, foreign exchange gains and losses and
amount outstanding.
                                                              impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Other net
                                                              gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition,
(ii) Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                              gains and losses accumulated in OCI are reclassified to
comprehensive income
                                                              profit or loss.
A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income if it is held within       (iii) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
a business where the objective is achieved by both
                                                              These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
                                                              Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend
assets and the contractual terms of the financial
                                                              income, are recognised in profit or loss.
asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
are solely payments of principal and interest on the
                                                              (iv) Equity investments at FVOCI
principal amount outstanding. The Company has made
an irrevocable election for its investments (other than       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value.
subsidiaries) which are classified as equity instruments      Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses)
to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other      on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not
comprehensive income based on its business model.             reported separately from other changes in fair value.
Further, in cases where the Company has made an               Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss
irrevocable election based on its business model, for its     unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part
investments which are classified as equity instruments,       of the cost of the investment. Other net gains and losses
the subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in        are recognised in OCI and are not reclassified to profit
other comprehensive income.                                   or loss.




270
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated


c. Derecognition                                               3.14 SEGMENT REPORTING
A financial asset is primarily derecognised when:
                                                               Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent
y The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have         with the internal reporting provided to the chief
  expired, or                                                  operating decision maker (CODM). The Chief Executive
                                                               Officer (“CEO”) of the company has been identified as
y The Company has transferred its rights to receive
                                                               the chief operating decision maker of the Company. He
  cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                                                               assesses the financial performance and position of the
  obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without
                                                               Company and makes strategic decisions. The business
  material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-through’
                                                               activities of the Company is to provide services across
  arrangement; and either (a) the Company has
                                                               the electric vehicles value-chain. Accordingly, there is no
  transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of
                                                               other reportable segment as per Ind AS 108 Operating
  the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred
                                                               Segments.					
  nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
  the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.         3.15 LEASES
Continuing involvement that takes the form of a                The Company assesses whether a contract contains
guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at            a lease, at the inception of the contract. A contract is,
the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset         or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right
and the maximum amount of consideration that the               to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
Company could be required to repay.                            time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether
                                                               a contract conveys the right to control the use of an
A financial liability is primarily derecognised when:
                                                               identified asset, the Company assesses whether
y The rights to pay cash flows from the asset have
                                                               (i) the contract involves the use of an identified asset;
  expired, or
                                                               (ii) the Company has the right to obtain substantially
y When its terms are modified and the cash flows of the              all the economic benefits from use of the asset
  modified liability are substantially different, in which           throughout the period of use; and
  case a new financial liability based on the modified
                                                               (iii) 
                                                                     the Company has the right to direct the use of
  terms is recognised at fair value. On derecognition
                                                                     the asset.
  of a financial liability, the difference between the
  carrying amount extinguished and the consideration
                                                               As a Lessor
  paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or
  liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.        At inception or on modification of a contract that
                                                               contains a lease component, the Company allocates the
d. Derivative financial instruments                            consideration in the contract to each lease component
                                                               on the basis of their relative standalone prices. When
Derivatives are only used for economic hedging purposes
                                                               the Company acts as a lessor, it determines at lease
and not as speculative investment. Derivatives are
                                                               inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an
initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative
                                                               operating lease.
contract is entered into and are subsequently re
measured to their fair value at the end of each reporting
                                                               As a lessee
period. The accounting for subsequent changes in fair
value depends on whether the derivative is designated          The Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”)
as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the          and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.
item being hedged and the type of hedge relationship           The ROU is initially measured at cost, which comprises
designated. Derivatives that are not designated as             the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any
hedges: The Company enters into certain derivative             lease payments made at or before the commencement
contracts to hedge risks which are not designated as           date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate
hedges. Such contracts are accounted for at fair value         of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset
through profit or loss and are included in other income        or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it
(expense).                                                     is located, less any lease incentives received.
                                                               The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using
e. Offsetting                                                  the straight-line method from the commencement date
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and      to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers
the net amount presented in the balance sheet when,            ownership of the underlying asset to the Company
and only when, the Company currently has a legally             by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-
enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends        of-use asset reflects that the Company will exercise a
either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset   purchase option. In that case the right-of-use asset will
and settle the liability simultaneously.

                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    271
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying           Materials and other supplies held for use in the
asset, which is determined on the same basis as those of        production are not written down below cost if the
property, plant and equipment. In addition, the right-of-       finished products in which they will be incorporated are
use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses,         expected to be sold at or above cost. However, when a
if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the          decline in the price of materials indicate that the cost
lease liability.                                                of the finished products exceeds net realisable value,
                                                                the materials are written down to net realisable value.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present
                                                                The replacement cost of materials at the period end has
value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                                                                been considered as the best available measure of their
commencement date, discounted using the interest
                                                                net realisable value.
rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily
determined, the Company’s incremental borrowing rate.
                                                                3.17 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Generally, the Company uses its incremental borrowing
rate as the discount rate.                                      Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise
                                                                cash at banks and on hand, cheque at hand / remittance
Lease payments included in the measurement of the               in transit and short-term deposits with an original
lease liability comprises fixed payments, including in-         maturity of three months or less, which are subject to
substance fixed payments, amounts expected to be                an insignificant risk of changes in value.
payable under a residual value guarantee and the
exercise price under a purchase option that the Company         3.18 SHARE CAPITAL
is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an         Equity Shares					
optional renewal period if the Company is reasonably
                                                                Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue
certain to exercise an extension option and penalties
                                                                of equity shares are recognised as a deduction from
for early termination of a lease unless the Company is
                                                                equity. Income tax relating to transaction costs of an
reasonably certain not to terminate early.
                                                                equity transaction is accounted for in accordance with
When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a           Ind AS 12.
corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount
of the ROU, or is recorded in Statement of Profit or Loss if    3.19 COMPOUND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
the carrying amount of the ROU has been reduced to zero.        “Compound financial instruments have both a financial
Lease Liabilities have been presented as separate line          liability and an equity component from the issuer’s
and the ‘ROU’ have been presented separately in the             perspective. The components are defined based on the
Balance Sheet. Lease payments have been classified as           terms of the financial instrument and presented and
financing activities in the Statement of Cash Flows.            measured separately according to their substance. At
                                                                initial recognition of a compound financial instrument,
Short-term leases and leases of low value assets                the financial liability component is recognized at fair
The Company has elected not to recognise right-of               value and the residual amount is allocated to equity.
use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low value        Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component
assets and short-term leases. The Company recognises            of a compound financial instrument is measured at
the lease payments associated with these leases as an           amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.           equity component of a compound financial instrument
                                                                is not remeasured subsequently.”					
3.16 INVENTORIES
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net             3.20 BORROWING COSTS
realisable value.                                               Borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which
                                                                they occur. Borrowing costs consist of interest and
Cost of raw materials, stores & spares, components,
                                                                other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the
consumables and traded goods are ascertained
                                                                borrowing of funds.
on a weighted average basis. Goods-in-transit are
recorded at actual cost. Cost, including fixed and
                                                                3.21 SRECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
variable production overheads, are allocated to work-
in-progress and finished goods determined on a full             Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new
absorption cost basis.                                          standards or amendments to the existing standards
                                                                under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules
Provision for obsolescence is made wherever necessary.          as issued from time to time.
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in          In May 2025, MCA notified amendments to Ind AS
the ordinary course of business less estimated cost of          21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange
completion and selling expenses.                                Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025.The Company has

272
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                  All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation               2. Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107,
has determined that it does not have any significant                 Financial Instruments: Disclosures, applicable w.e.f.
impact in its financial statements.                                  April 1, 2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to
                                                                     inform users of financial statements of the existence of
In August 2025,          MCA     notified    the   following
                                                                     supplier finance arrangements and explain the nature
amendments to:
                                                                     of the arrangements, the carrying amount of liabilities
1. 
   Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements,                   and the range of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has
   applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment                   been amended to add supplier finance arrangements
   relates to classification of liabilities as current or non-       as a factor that may cause concentration of liquidity
   current and non-current liabilities with covenants.               risk. The Company has reviewed the amendment and
   In the context of classifying a liability as current, it          based on its evaluation has determined that it does not
   removes the requirement of existence of a right to                have any significant impact in its financial statements.
   defer settlement for at least 12 months after the
                                                                 3. Ind AS 12, International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model
   reporting date and instead requires that the said
                                                                     Rules applicable immediately - The amendments
   right should exist on the reporting date and have
                                                                     provide a temporary mandatory relief from deferred
   substance. The amendment also introduces guidance
                                                                     tax accounting for top-up tax and disclose that they
   on classification of liabilities with covenants. The
                                                                     have applied the relief. This relief is immediate and
   Company has no impact of these amendments
                                                                     applies retrospectively.
   in its classification criteria of current and non-
   current liabilities.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    273
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                                       All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

4A. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Reconciliation of carrying Amount

Particulars                         Computer    Computer       Office     Furniture        Leasehold     Motor     " Electronic    Plant and
                                      Server   equipment   equipment    and fixtures   Improvements    vehicles   Equipment "     Machinery      Total
 At 1 April 2024                       45          264            46              5               32         2           83          1,729       2,206
 Additions                              -            -             3              -                -         -            -            248         251
 Balance at 31 March 2025              45          264            49              5               32         2           83          1,977       2,457

 At 1 April 2025                       45          264            49              5               32         2           83          1,977       2,457
 Additions                              -            -             -              -                -         -            -              -           -
 Balance at 31 March 2026              45          264            49              5               32         2           83          1,977       2,457

Accumulated depreciation
                                    Computer    Computer       Office     Furniture        Leasehold     Motor     " Electronic    Plant and
Particulars
                                      Server   equipment   equipment    and fixtures   Improvements    vehicles   Equipment "     Machinery      Total
At 1 April 2024                        42          247            26              3               15         2           82            764       1,181
Depreciation for the year               0            0             0              0                0         -            -            324         324
Balance at 31 March 2025               42          247            26              3               15         2           82          1,088       1,505

At 1 April 2025                        42          247            26              3               15         2           82          1,088       1,505
Depreciation for the year               2            0             3              0                1         -            -            224         230
Balance at 31 March 2026               44          247            29              3               16         2           82          1,312       1,735

 Carrying Amount (net)
 Balance at 31 March 2025               3            17           23              2              17           -            1            889        952
 Balance at 31 March 2026               1            17           20              2              16           -            1            665        722

Refer note 29 for disclosure of contractual commitments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment.

Refer note 19B for assets those are pledged as security by the Company.




274
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                           All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

4B. CAPITAL WORK-IN-PROGRESS

Particulars                                                                                                         As at                  As at
                                                                                                           31 March 2026          31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                       1,242
Additions during the year                                                                                                                    172
Capitalized during the year                                                                                                                 (251)
Transferred to Intangible assets under development                                                                                          (168)
Transferred during the year*                                                                                                                (995)
Balance at the end of the year                                                                                             -                    -

Capital Work in Progress ageing schedule as at 31 March 2026
Particulars                                                     Amount in Capital work in progress for a period of

                                      Less than 1 year               1-2 years            2-3 years              > 3 years                   Total
Projects in progress                                     -                    -                    -                       -                     -
                                                         -                    -                    -                       -                     -


Capital Work in Progress ageing schedule as at 31 March 2025
Particulars                                                     Amount in Capital work in progress for a period of
                                      Less than 1 year               1-2 years            2-3 years              > 3 years                   Total
Projects in progress                                     -                    -                    -                       -                     -
                                                         -                    -                    -                       -                     -

Note: There are no projects for which completion is overdue compared to original plan and no costs exceeding
budgeted cost.
*Transfers represents Capital Work-in-Progress of ₨ Nil (31 March 2025: ₨ 995 lakhs) transferred to Ola Electric
Technologies Private Limited (wholly owned subsidiaries of Ola Electric Mobility Limited).

5A. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Reconciliation of carrying amount
                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                Product                                 itangible
                                                                                          development        Total other                    asset
                                     Patent &       Computer      Domain          Trade      (internally      intangible       Goodwill      (C) =
Particulars                       Trade Mark         software      name           name      generated)        assets (A)           (B) (A)+(B) "
Gross carrying amount
At 01 April 2024                                -       1,105             5       1,034                463        2,607             619     3,226
Balance at 31 March 2025                        -       1,105             5       1,034                463        2,607             619     3,226

At 01 April 2025                           -            1,105             5       1,034                463        2,607             619     3,226
Additions                                410                -             -           -                  -          410               -       410
Balance at 31 March 2026                 410            1,105             5       1,034                463        3,017             619     3,636




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                          275
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)


                                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                               Product                           itangible
Particulars                                                                              development      Total other                asset
                                     Patent &       Computer        Domain   Trade          (internally    intangible   Goodwill      (C) =
                                  Trade Mark         software        name    name          generated)      assets (A)       (B) (A)+(B) "
Accumulated amortisation
At 01 April 2024                                -       1,105            2           -             429         1,536            -    1,536
Amortisation                                    -           0            1           -              13            13            -       13
Balance at 31 March 2025                        -       1,105            3           -             442         1,549            -    1,549

At 01 April 2025                            -           1,105            3           -             442         1,549            -    1,549
Amortisation                               75               -            0           -               6            81            -       81
Balance at 31 March 2026                   75           1,105            3           -             448         1,630            -    1,630

Carrying amount (net)
At 31 March 2025                           -                    -        2   1,034                   21        1,057         619     1,676
At 31 March 2026                         335                    -        2   1,034                   15        1,386         619     2,005

Allocation of goodwill to cash generating units:
Goodwill acquired in a business combination and relates to Automotive CGU. Automotive CGU has intangible assets
under development which are subject to mandatory annual impairment testing in accordance with the requirements
of IND AS 36.
The recoverable amount of these CGUs was based on fair value less costs of disposal, estimated using discounted
cash flows. The fair value measurement was categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs in the valuation
technique used.
The key assumptions used in the estimation of the recoverable amount are set out below. The values assigned to
the key assumptions represent management’s assessment of future trends in the relevant industries and have been
based on historical data from both external and internal sources.


                                                                                 Automotive
                                                          ‘31 March 2026                                    ‘31 March 2025
Discount rate                                                   18.24%                                          16.70%
Terminal value growth rate                                      4.00%                                            5.00%


The cash flow projections included specific estimates for five years and a terminal growth rate thereafter. The
terminal growth rate was determined based on management’s estimate of the long-term compound annual EBITDA
growth rate, consistent with the assumptions that a market participant would make.
Budgeted EBITDA was estimated taking into account past experience and adjusted for as follows:
a. Projected sales volumes for the next five years based on industry reports. This is in line with market expectations
    of demand for the next five years.
b. Continuous improvement on technology planned to reduce the material costs.
c. Improvement in productivity and efficiency across manufacturing and sales planned to reduce costs.
The estimated recoverable amount of the CGUs exceeded its carrying amount for the Automotive segment and
accordingly no impairment is recorded.




276
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

5B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS UNDER DEVELOPMENT

Particulars                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                                 31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                       409               10,550
Additions during the year *                                                                              1,049                  440
Impaired during the year (refer note (b) below)                                                              -               (1,992)
Transfered during the year **                                                                                -               (8,589)
Capitalized during the year                                                                               (410)                   -
Balance at the end of the year                                                                           1,048                  409
Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at 31 March 2026
                                                       Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
                                                  <1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years          > 3 years                Total
Projects in progress                              1,048                                     -                                  1,048
Total                                             1,048                   -                 -                  -               1,048

Intangible assets under development ageing schedule as at 31 March 2025
                                                       Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
                                                  <1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years          > 3 years                Total
Projects in progress                                301                   -              108                   -                 409
Total                                               301                   -              108                   -                 409



Additions includes ₨ 663 lakhs (31 March 2025: Nil) transferred from wholly owned subsidiary Ola Electric
Technologies Private Limited and ₨ 77 lakhs (31 March 2025: Nil) transferred from wholly owned subsidiary Ola Cell
Technologies Private Limited
** Transfers includes intangibles of Nil (31 March 2025: ₨ 8,589 lakhs) transferred to Ola Electric Technologies
Private Limited (wholly owned subsidiary of Ola Electric Mobility Limited).
Note:								
a) The Company does not have any Intangible asset under development which is overdue or has exceeded its cost
compared to its original plan.								
b) During the previous year, the Company had recognised an impairment loss of ₨ 1,992 lakhs in relation to its four-
wheeler development project. The remaining development expenditure relating four-wheeler project is transferred
to wholly owned subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited.					


6. OTHER TAX ASSETS (NET)

Particulars                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                                 31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Non-Current
Tax deducted at source, net of advance tax and provisions                                                   623                  574
                                                                                                            623                  574

7. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

Particulars                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                                 31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Non-current
Unsecured, considered good
Balances with government authorities                                                                      3,413                4,730
Prepayments                                                                                                  42                   67
                                                                                                          3,455                4,797

                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   277
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                              All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

8. OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

Particulars                                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                                          31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Unsecured, considered good
Advance to suppliers                                                                                               1,123               1,283
Balances with government authorities                                                                               2,400               3,258
Prepayments                                                                                                          105                 111
                                                                                                                   3,628               4,652

9. INVENTORIES (AT LOWER OF COST AND NET REALISABLE VALUE)

Particulars                                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                                          31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Stock-in-trade                                                                                                         30                 23
                                                                                                                       30                 23

Refer note 19B for assets those are pledged as security by the Company.


10. INVESTMENTS

Particulars                                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                                          31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Non-Current investments, unquoted
Carried at cost
Investments in unquoted equity instruments
Investments in wholly owned subsidiary companies*
31,415,026 (31 March 2025 :30,039,026) equity shares of Ola Electric Mobility B.V. Netherlands of Euro             32,471             31,234
1 each, fully paid-up				
853,313,300 (31 March 2025: 510,313,300) equity shares of Ola Electric Mobility Inc, US of USD 0.01                10,871              7,939
each, fully paid-up				
210,000 (31 March 2025: 210,000) equity shares of Ola Electric Charging Private Limited, of ₨10 each,                  21                  21
fully paid-up				
480,010,000 (31 March 2025: 480,010,000) equity shares of Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited, of ₨              50,371             50,099
10 each, fully paid-up				
25,880,000 (31 March 2025: 25,880,000) equity shares of Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited, of ₨            17,162             12,896
10 each, fully paid-up				
Investments in unquoted Compulsorily Convertible preference instruments
Investments in wholly owned subsidiary companies*
5,270,550,000 (31 March 2025: 4,330,550,000) Compulsorily Convertible Preference share of Ola                    5,27,055           4,33,055
Electric Technologies Private Limited, of ₨ 10 each, fully paid-up (refer note 10 (a))
1,617,841,000 (31 March 2025: 1,409,841,000) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Share of Ola Cell               1,61,784           1,40,984
Technologies Private Limited, of ₨ 10 each, fully paid-up (refer note 10 (a))
8,850,000 (31 March 2025: 8,850,000) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Share of Ola Electric                        885                885
charging Private Limited, of ₨ 10 each, fully paid-up (refer note 10 (a))
Less : Provision for impairment in value of investments (refer note 38)                                           (29,647)           (24,982)
Investments in unquoted Compulsorily Convertible Debentures
Investments in wholly owned subsidiary companies*
‘2,421,320 (31 March 2025: 2,421,320) Compulsorily Convertible Debentures of Ola Electric                        2,42,132           2,42,132
Technologies Private Limited, of ₨ 10,000 each, fully paid-up
‘30,240 (31 March 2025: 30,240) Compulsorily Convertible Debentures of Ola Cell Technologies Private                3,024              3,024
Limited, of ₨ 10,000 each, fully paid-up
Investments other than subsidiaries
Carried at fair value through other comprehensive income
‘277,459 (31 March 2025: 277,459) Series D Preferred Shares of StoreDot Ltd, of NIS 0.10 each, fully                3,786              3,786
paid-up
Less: Fair value changes on equity investments through OCI (refer note 15)                                         (3,786)                  -
                                                                                                               10,16,129            9,01,073
Current investments, unquoted



278
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

Measured at fair value through profit and loss
Investments in Mutual Funds
Short-Term Funds		
Nil (31 March 2025 : 2,897) units of HDFC Overnight Fund - Direct Plan - Growth Option                                 -                 110
Nil (31 March 2025 : 6,367) Kotak Overnight Fund Direct Growth Plan                                                    -                  87
                                                                                                                       -                 197
Aggregate amount of unquoted non-current investments                                                          10,45,776             9,26,055
Aggregate amount of unquoted current investments
Aggregate amount of impairment in value of investments in wholly owned subsidiary companies                     (29,647)             (24,982)
* Includes investments in the form of share based payments made to employees of (refer note 36)
Ola Electric Mobility Inc, US                                                                                     1,984                2,032
Ola Electric Mobility B.V. Netherlands                                                                              157                  151
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                                        14,574               10,308
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                             2,370                2,098

(a) ‘The Board of Directors, vide resolution dated 30 March 2025, approved conversion of outstanding receivable
aggregating to ₨ 32,055 lakhs (outstanding financial assets of ₨ 16,685 lakhs, Trade receivables of ₨ 8,280 lakhs and
intercompany loan of ₨ 7,090 lakhs) from Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited into 320,550,000 CCPS of face
value ₨ 10 per share.
‘The Board of Directors, vide resolution dated 30 March 2025, approved conversion of outstanding financial assets
of ₨ 6,120 lakhs from Ola Cell technologies Private Limited into 61,200,000 CCPS of face value ₨ 10 per share.


‘The Board of Directors, vide resolution dated 30 March 2025, approved conversion of outstanding financial assets
of ₨2,600 lakhs from Ola Electric Charging Private Limited into 2,600,000 CCPS of face value ₨ 10 per share.
These allotment was made on a rights basis, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the offer
letters dated 31 March 2025.

11. TRADE RECEIVABLES

Particulars                                                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                                                          31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Trade receivables - unsecured, considered good                                                                      523                  523
Trade receivables - credit impaired                                                                                   3                    3
Gross trade receivables                                                                                             526                  526
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                           (3)                  (3)
Net trade receivables                                                                                               523                  523

Of the above, trade receivables from related parties are as below:
Trade receivables due from related parties (refer note 31)                                                          523                  523
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                            -                    -
Net trade receivables                                                                                               523                  523

Trade receivables ageing schedule as at 31 March 2026
                                                                 Outstanding for following periods from date of the transaction
Particulars
                                             Not due            <1 year      1-2 years        2-3 years          > 3 years              Total
Undisputed Trade receivables –                         -               -                 -           105              418                 523
considered good
Undisputed Trade receivables –                         -               -                 -                -                3                3
credit impaired
Gross trade receivables                                -               -                 -           105              421                 526
Allowance for expected credit losses                   -               -                 -             -               (3)                 (3)
Net trade receivables                                  -               -                 -           105              418                 523



                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                  279
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                          All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Trade receivables ageing schedule as at 31 March 2025
                                                              Outstanding for following periods from date of the transaction
Particulars
                                        Not due           <1 year         1-2 years         2-3 years          > 3 years               Total
Undisputed Trade receivables –                    -                -            105                393                   25              523
considered good
Undisputed Trade receivables –                    -                -                  -                 -                3                 3
credit impaired
Gross trade receivables                           -                -            105                393               28                  526
Allowance for expected credit losses              -                -              -                  -               (3)                  (3)
Net trade receivables                             -                -            105                393               25                  523

12. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                                        31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash in hand                                                                                                        0                     0
Balances with banks
- On current account (refer note 12 (b) below)                                                                 2,101                  2,395
 -Deposits with original maturity of less than three months                                                   17,237                  1,036
                                                                                                              19,338                  3,431
Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents
- Earmarked deposits with banks (refer note 12 (a) below)                                                     35,144                56,641
- Deposits with banks (refer note 12 (b) below)                                                               25,529              1,28,742
(with original maturity of more than three months but less than twelve months from the
reporting date)
                                                                                                              60,673              1,85,383

(a) Cash and bank balances include restricted bank balances of ₨ 35,144 lakhs (including interest accrued on deposits
₨ 4 lakhs) (31 March 2025: ₨ 56,641 lakhs including interest acrued on deposits ₨ 1,455 lakhs ). The restrictions
are primarily on account of bank balances held as lien against non-fund based letter of credit facilities and Bank
Overdraft availed by wholly-owned subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited. 				
		
(b) As on 31 March 2026, proceeds from Initial Public Offer (IPO) included in current accounts of ₨ 1,100 lakhs (31
March 2025:₨ 421 lakhs), in deposit accounts (with original maturity of less than 3 months) of ₨ 16,800 lakhs (31
March 2025: ₨ Nil) and in deposit accounts (with original maturity of more than three months but less than twelve
months) of ₨ 23,332 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 123,741 lakhs) and Earmarked deposits with banks of ₨ 20,000 lakhs
(31 March 2025: Nil) (refer note 40).						




280
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

13.   OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                       As at            As at
                                                                                              31 March 2026    31 March 2025
Non-current
   Application money paid towards securities                                                              0                0
   Nil (March 31, 2025: 1,376,500 equity shares of Ola Electric Mobility                                  -            1,231
   B.V. Netherlands of Euro 1 each, fully paid-up, subsequently allotted on 7 April 2025)
   Nil (March 31, 2025: 343,000,000 equity shares of Ola Electric Mobility Inc, of USD 0.01                -           2,980
   each, fully paid-up, subsequently alloted on 5 May 2025)
                                                                                                           -          4,211
Current
    Unsecured, considered good                                                                          833             755
    Security deposits                                                                                    40              40
Balances with banks in deposit accounts (with original maturity of more than twelve                       1          17,695
months) #
Other receivables                                                                                         -             204
                                                                                                         41          17,939

Unsecured, considered doubtful
Receivables towards sale of property, plant and equipment                                                75               75
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                              (75)             (74)

Related parties, unsecured ,considered good
Receivables from related parties (refer note 31)*                                                   17,983           35,559
Guarantee commission receivable (refer note 31)                                                      4,306            3,021
                                                                                                    22,289           38,580
                                                                                                    22,330           56,519

*Primarily includes amount cross charged to related parties towards reimbursement of expenses and Intangible
assets under development.
# Includes restricted bank balances of ₨ 1 lakh (including interest accrued on deposits ₨ 0 lakhs) (31 March 2025:
₨ 17,695). The restrictions are primarily on account of bank balances held as lien against non-fund based letter of
credit facilities and Bank Overdraft availed by wholly-owned subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited.


14.	EQUITY SHARE CAPITAL AND INSTRUMENTS ENTIRELY EQUITY IN NATURE - COMPULSORILY CONVERTIBLE
     PREFERENCE SHARES (CCPS)
      Equity share capital and Instruments entirely equity in nature -                                 As at            As at
14A
      Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (CCPS)                                       31 March 2026    31 March 2025
      Authorised
      4,796,626,443 (31 March 2025: 4,796,626,443) Ordinary Equity Shares of ₨ 10 each            4,79,663         4,79,663
      438,162,753 (31 March 2025: 438,162,753) Series A Compulsorily Convertible                    43,816           43,816
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each
      142,544,269 (31 March 2025: 142,544,269) Series A1 Compulsorily Convertible                   14,254           14,254
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each
      847,075,656 (31 March 2025: 847,075,656) Series B Compulsorily Convertible                    84,708           84,708
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each
      45,044,769 (31 March 2025: 45,044,769) Series C1 Compulsorily Convertible                       4,504            4,504
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each
      240,823,765 (31 March 2025: 240,823,765) Series C Compulsorily Convertible                    24,082           24,082
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              281
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

      150,000,000 (31 March 2025: 150,000,000) Series D Compulsorily Convertible                    15,000           15,000
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each			
      1,658,222,230 (31 March 2025 : 1,658,222,230) Series E Compulsorily Convertible             1,65,822         1,65,822
      Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each			
                                                                                                  8,31,849         8,31,849
      Equity shares of ₨ 10 each issued, subscribed and fully paid-up
      4,410,829,885 (31 March 2025 : 4,410,829,885) Ordinary Equity Shares of ₨10 each            4,41,083         4,41,083
                                                                                                  4,41,083         4,41,083


a     Reconciliation of shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of reporting year

                                                                  As at 31 March 2026              As at 31 March 2025

i. Equity shares of ₨ 10 each, fully paid-up                    Number of                        Number of
                                                                                    Amount
                                                                   shares                           shares           Amount
At the commencement of the year
Shares reclassified from Class B (refer note b(i) below)   4,41,08,29,885         4,41,083 1,95,54,49,972          1,95,545
Shares issued on conversion of CCPS (refer note b(ii)                   -                -              -                 -
below)
Shares issued during the year                                           -                 - 1,73,16,22,286         1,73,162
At the end of the year                                                  -                 -   72,37,57,627           72,376
                                                           4,41,08,29,885          4,41,083 4,41,08,29,885         4,41,083


                                                                  As at 31 March 2026              As at 31 March 2025
ii. Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of               Number of                        Number of
₨ 10 each, fully paid-up                                                            Amount
                                                                   shares                           shares           Amount
Series A
At the commencement of the year- Series A                                -               -    43,81,62,753           43,817
At the commencement of the year - Series A1                              -               -    14,25,44,269           14,254
At the commencement of the year- Series B                                -               -    84,70,75,656           84,708
At the commencement of the year- Series C1                               -               -     4,50,44,769            4,504
At the commencement of the year- Series C                                 -               -    23,99,39,690          23,994
At the commencement of the year- Series D                                -                -     9,69,28,809              9,693
At the commencement of the year- Series E                                -                -   1,16,36,24,001       1,16,362
Converted to equity shares (refer note b(ii) below)                      -                - (2,97,33,19,947)       (2,97,332)
At the end of the year                                                   -                -                  -               -


b. Rights, preference and restrictions attached to:

b.(i) Equity shares of ₨ 10 each

The Company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of INR 10 per share. Each holder of equity is
entitled to one vote per share. Dividends (including proposed dividends), if any, are declared and paid or proposed in
Indian rupees. The dividend proposed if any by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders
in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.

On winding up of the Company, the holders of equity shares, subject to the provisions of articles of association
of the Company, will be entitled to receive the residual assets of the Company, remaining after distribution of all
preferential amounts, if any in proportion to the number of equity shares held.




282
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

b.(ii) Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of ₨ 10 each

The Board of Directors of the Company vide its meeting held on 15 June 2024 had approved for the conversion
of 2,97,33,19,947 Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (Series A, Series A1, Series B, Series C, Series C1,
Series D & Series E), each with value of INR 10 to 1,73,16,22,286 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each.
The shareholders of the Company at their meeting held on 17 June 2024 had approved for the conversion of
2,97,33,19,947 Compulsory Convertible Preference Shares (Series A, Series A1, Series B, Series C, Series C1, Series
D & Series E), each with value of INR 10 to 1,73,16,22,286 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each, out of which
1,54,55,37,269 Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares (Series C, C1, D, and E), each with value of INR 10 were
converted into 43,64,16,377 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each and balance 142,77,82,678 Compulsory
Convertible Preference Shares (Series A, Series A1 and Series B), each with value of INR 10 were converted into
129,52,05,909 Equity Shares with a par value of INR 10 each as on on 19 July 2024.

c.     Share based payments

Terms attached to stock options granted to employees are described in note 41 on Employee’s share-based
payment plan.

d                                                                        As at 31 March 2026                  As at 31 March 2025
       Particulars of Equity shareholders holding
       more than 5% of shares                                           Number of                           Number of
                                                                                         Percentage
                                                                           shares                              shares        Percentage
       Equity shares of INR 10 each, fully paid-up
       Ordinary Equity Shares
       Bhavish Aggarwal                                         1,22,74,99,575               27.83% 1,32,39,60,029              30.02%
       SVF II Ostrich (DE) LLC                                    59,51,20,650               13.49%   78,65,67,179              17.83%
       OEM Employees Welfare Trust                                20,97,27,610                4.75%   23,22,64,916               5.27%


e      The Company has not done any buyback of shares in any of the preceding five years.

f	The Company has issued 1,955,439,944 bonus shares in the ratio of 1,94,998:1 i.e.194,998 bonus shares of INR
   10 each for every fully paid-up equity shares and compulsory converted preference shares (CCPS) held on 23
   December 2021 (record date).

g.     Details of ordinary equity shares held by the Promoter

       As at 31 March 2026

       Promoter Name      No. of shares as at 1     Change during the      No. of shares as at     % of total shares    % change during
                                    April 2025                   year         31 March 2026                                    the year
     Bhavish Aggarwal        1,32,39,60,029            (9,64,60,454)        1,22,74,99,575                 27.83%               -2.19%

As at 31 March 2025

       Promoter Name       "No. of shares as at     Change during the      No. of shares as at     % of total shares    % change during
                                 1 April 2024"                   year         31 March 2025                                    the year
     Bhavish Aggarwal        1,36,18,75,240            (3,79,15,211)        1,32,39,60,029                 30.02%              -39.63%

h	OEM Employee Welfare Trust holds 209,727,610 equity shares (31 March 2025: 232,264,916) of the Company
   for the purpose of issuance of equity shares to the holders of employee stock options under the share based
   payment plan “Employees’ Equity Linked Incentive Plan 2019.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              283
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                      All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

15    Other equity                                                                                         As at               As at
                                                                                                  31 March 2026       31 March 2025
a     Items of other components of equity
      Opening balance                                                                                            -            (2,742)
       Conversion of Compulsorily convertible preference shares                                                  -             2,742
      Closing balance (A)                                                                                        -                 -
      Reserves and Surplus
b     Securities premium
      Opening balance                                                                                  6,90,084              92,024
      Exercise of share options (refer note 36)                                                          10,534              12,110
      Addition during the year (refer Note 14)                                                                -            4,77,624
      Employee discount on issue of equity shares                                                             -                  56
      Conversion of compulsorily convertible preference shares (refer note 14b(ii))                           -            1,24,171
      Transaction costs on issue of share capital                                                             -             (15,901)
      Closing balance                                                                                  7,00,618            6,90,084
c)    Share options outstanding account
      Opening balance                                                                                     17,433             25,446
      Exercise of share options (refer note 36)                                                          (10,534)           (12,110)
      Share based payments expenses (refer note 36)                                                        5,637              4,097
      Closing balance                                                                                     12,536             17,433
d)    Retained earnings
      Opening balance                                                                                    (46,947)           (40,284)
      Additions during the year                                                                                -             (2,742)
      Re-measurement gain on defined benefit plans                                                             2                 51
      Loss for the year                                                                                  (11,299)            (3,972)
      Closing balance                                                                                    (58,244)           (46,947)
      Total reserves and surplus (B)                                                                    6,54,910           6,60,570
      Items of other comprehensive income
e)    Equity instruments through OCI
      Opening balance                                                                                           -                   -
      Fair value changes                                                                                   (3,786)
      Closing balance (C)                                                                                  (3,786)                -
      Total other equity (A+B+C)                                                                        6,51,124           6,60,570

e.    Nature and purpose of reserves

(i) 	Securities Premium: Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. It is utilised in
      accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.						

(ii) 	Other components of equity: Other components of equity represents derivative component of compulsorily
       convertible preference shares on the date of issuance of such preference shares and it has been transferred
       to retained earnings post conversion of CCPS into equity shares.					

(iii) 	Share Options Outstanding Account: The Company has established equity-settled share-based payment
        plan for certain employees of the Company. The fair value of the equity-settled share based payment
        transactions is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss with corresponding credit to Employee Stock
        options outstanding Account.						

(iv) 	Retained Earnings: Retained earnings are the profits / (losses) that the Company has made till date, less
       any transfers to general reserve, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. Retained earnings
       includes re-measurement loss / (gain) on defined benefit plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassified to
       Statement of Profit and Loss. Retained earnings is a free reserve available to the Company and eligible for
       distribution to shareholders.						



284
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

(v) 	Equity instruments through OCI: The company has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain
      investments in equity instruments in other comprehensive income. These changes are accumulated within
      the FVOCI equity investments within equity. 						

16   Trade payables                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                                  31 March 2026       31 March 2025
     Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises (refer note 32)                      694                 10
     Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises*              2,423              2,602
                                                                                                          3,117              2,612
     * Trade payables includes payable to related parties (refer note 31)                                     -                  -

Undisputed trade payables ageing from due date of payment as on 31 March 2026

                                                    Outstanding for following periods from the due date of payment
Particulars                        Accrued                   Less than                                    More than
                                   expenses       Not due       1 year       1-2 years       2-3 years      3 years            Total
Dues to micro enterprises and      -                    0         694               -               -                -         694
small enterprises
Dues to creditors other than       1,338                1       1,083               1              0                 0       2,423
micro enterprises and small
enterprises
Total                              1,338                1       1,777              1               0                 0       3,117


Undisputed trade payables ageing from due date of payment as on 31 March 2025

                                                    Outstanding for following periods from the due date of payment
Particulars                        Accrued                   Less than                                    More than
                                   expenses       Not due       1 year       1-2 years       2-3 years      3 years            Total
Dues to micro enterprises and      -                    0           10              -               -                -           10
small enterprises
Dues to creditors other than       1,276               41       1,274               1             10                 -       2,602
micro enterprises and small
enterprises
Total                              1,276               41       1,284              1              10                 -       2,612



17   Other financial liabilities                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                                  31 March 2026       31 March 2025
     Current
     Payable to related parties (refer note 31)                                                           1,333              1,497
     Trade deposits                                                                                           7                  7
     Accrued salary and benefits                                                                            263                485
     Refund obligation towards customers*                                                                 1,087              1,087
                                                                                                          2,690              3,076

* Prior to 31 March 2023, the Company, Ola Electric Mobility Limited (‘OEM’) was selling the off-board chargers of Ola scooters
separately as an accessory. Effective 31 March 2023, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private
Limited (‘OET’) has included the off-board chargers to be sold as part of the scooters.

Based on various discussions, OET on its own volition has decided to reimburse the price of the off-board chargers aggregating
to around INR 14,500 lakhs (31 March 2025: INR 14,500 lakhs), to all eligible customers who had bought the same as an
accessory at the time of purchasing the Ola scooters from inception. The total amount payable towards reimbursement to
customers as on 31 March 2026 is INR 1,087 lakhs (31 March 2025: INR 1,087 lakhs).

Since the off-board chargers were sold by OEM, the refund obligation towards sale of off-board chargers to the eligible
customers has been created in OEM with a corresponding receivable from OET as OET has agreed to reimburse these amounts.


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                  285
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                             All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated


18    Other liabilities                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026       31 March 2025
      Non-current
      Deferred revenue from extended warranty services                                               42                 145
                                                                                                     42                 145
      Current                                                                                         -                   -
      Statutory liabilities                                                                         175                 146
      Deferred revenue from extended warranty services                                              105                  61
      Advance received from customer                                                                  3                  35
                                                                                                    283                 242
                                                                                                    325                 387


19A Provisions                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026       31 March 2025
      Non-current
      Provision for employee benefits                                                                  9                 19
      Provision for gratuity (refer note 30)                                                           9                 19

      Current
      Provision for employee benefits
      Provision for gratuity (refer note 30)                                                           0                  2
      Provision for compensated absences (refer note 30)                                              29                 44
                                                                                                      29                 46
                                                                                                      38                 65


19B Borrowings                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                         31 March 2026       31 March 2025
      Non-current
      Secured
      Non convertible debentures                                                                        -           32,991
                                                                                                        -           32,991
      Current
      Secured
      Non convertible debentures                                                                 32,127             23,636
                                                                                                 32,127             23,636

Terms and repayment schedule

‘EvolutionX Debt Capital India Fund 1 (“EvolutionX Fund”) and/or its affiliates:

The Company has raised INR 41,000 lakhs by way of issuing 41,000 Redeemable Non-Convertible Debentures
(NCDs) at the face value of INR 1,00,000 each from EvolutionX Fund by paying upfront fees of 1.5% of facility
amount for a tenure of 36 months at an interest rate of 13% p.a on 21 March 2024 (date of drawdown) and is
required to pay additional interest of 1.25%, in case market capitalisation of the Company falls below threshold
agreed in the debenture trust deed .

As per the original agreement repayment structure for the Debentures issued were as follows:

-30% payable 36 months from the date of drawdown

-25% payable 30 months from the date of drawdown

-20% payable 24 months from the date of drawdown

-15% payable 18 months from the date of drawdown

286
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

-10% payable 12 months from the date of drawdown

As per the repayment structure the debenture is repayable by 22 March 2027. During the year, the Company
has breached certain conditions of the debenture trust deed and subsequent to the year end the Company
has obtained waiver from the debenture holders and debenture trustees inrelation to these breaches. As per
the waiver letter obtained, the Company is expected to repay these debentures in line with the conditions and
timelines specified therein, which cannot be extended beyond 17 July 2026.

The Company has to pay redemption premium of 3% on facility amount as per above mentioned repayment
schedule.

Stride Ventures Debt Fund 3 (“Strides Fund”) and/or its affiliates

The Company has raised INR 10,000 lakhs by way of issuing 10,000 Redeemable Non-Convertible
Debentures(NCDs) at the face value of INR 100,000 each from Strides Fund by paying upfront fees
of 1% of facility amount for a tenure of 30 months at an interest rate of 13% p.a on 15 May 2024
(date of drawdown).

The repayment structure for the Debentures issued is as follows:

-20% payable from 30 months from the date of drawdown

-15% payable from 27 months from the date of drawdown

-15% payable from 24 months from the date of drawdown

-15% payable from 21 months from the date of drawdown

-15% payable from 18 months from the date of drawdown

-10% payable from 15 months from the date of drawdown

-10% payable from 12 months from the date of drawdown

The Company has to pay redemption premium of 1.5% on facility amount as per above mentioned
repayment schedule.

Alteria Capital India Fund II- Scheme I and/or Alteria Capital Fund III- Scheme A (“Alteria Fund”):

The Company has raised INR 10,000 lakhs by way of issuing 10,000 Redeemable Non-Convertible
Debentures(NCDs) at the face value of INR 100,000 each from Alteria Fund by paying upfront
fees of 1% of facility amount for a tenure of 30 months at an interest rate of 13.80% p.a on 24
June 2024 (date of drawdown).

The repayment structure for the Debentures issued by equal quarterly instalments commencing
from 01 July 2025.

Debenture Redemption Reserve

In accordance with Section 71 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company is required to create
debenture redemption reserve amounting to 25% of the value of Redeemable debentures out of
profits of the company. However, during the year end 31 March 2026, the Company has not made
any profits during the year, hence no amount has been transferred to the Debenture Redemption
Reserve.


                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          287
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                               All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Debenture are secured by:-
EvolutionX Fund- INR 22,600 lakhs (31 March 2025: INR 36,900 lakhs)
(a) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Fixed Assets;
(b) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands whatsoever (both
     present and future) of the Company in, to, under and in respect of the Charged Accounts Assets;
(c) first ranking pari passu floating charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Current Assets; and
(d) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Intellectual Property Assets.
(e) Post Listing, a share pledge and NDU+POA by the Company in Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited as
    specified below:
      "Company Market Capitalisation                 Pledge of OET                            NDU+PoA of OET
             (USD Million)"
                 >5,500                                  5.00%                                      0.00%
              5,000-5,500                                5.00%                                      0.00%
              4,000-5,000                                5.00%                                      0.00%
              3,500-4,000                                5.00%                                      0.71%
              3,000-3,500                                5.00%                                      1.67%
              2,500-3,000                                5.00%                                      3.00%
                 <3,000                                              Early Redemption Event
Strides Fund- INR 5,000 lakhs (31 March 2025: INR 10,000 lakhs)
(a) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
    (both present and future) over the Fixed Assets;
(b) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all rights, title, interest, benefits, claims and demands whatsoever (both
    present and future) of the Company in, to, under and in respect of the Charged Accounts Assets;
(c) first ranking pari passu floating charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
     (both present and future) over the Current Assets; and
(d) first ranking pari passu fixed charge, on all its rights, title, interest, benefit, claims and demands whatsoever
    (both present and future) over the Intellectual Property Assets.
(e) 10% of the investment amount to be maintained with the Strides fund as DSRA which will be released at the end
     of tenor.
Alteria Fund- INR 4,300 lakhs (31 March 2025: 10,000 lakhs)
First ranking pari-passu charge on Company’s existing, future, fixed, non-current and current assets, including any
and all Intellectual Property and the Intellectual Property Rights with respect to these movables present and future,
accounts, cash flows, receivables, book debts, revenues, equipment, inventory, contract rights or rights to payment
of money, teases, license agreements, franchise agreements, goodwill, uncalled capital, general intangibles,
documents, instruments (including any promissory notes), chattel paper (whether tangible or electronic), cash,
deposit accounts, fixtures, letters of credit rights (whether or not the letter of credit is evidenced by a writing),
securities, and all other investment property, supporting obligations, and financial assets, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, whether installed or not and whether now lying loose or in cases or held by any party to the
order or disposition of the Company, including in the course of transits, whether in ship or land as enlisted below,
and all Company’s books relating to the foregoing, and any and all claims, rights and interests in any of the above
and all substitutions for, additions, attachments, accessories, accessions and improvements to and replacements,
products, proceeds and insurance proceeds of any or all of the foregoing.




288
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

20   Revenue from operations                                                 As at             As at
                                                                    31 March 2026     31 March 2025
     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Sale of traded goods                                                   188                 341
                                                                            188                 341
     Other operating revenue
     Extended warranty services                                               61                   2

                                                                              61                   2

     Total revenue from operations                                          249                 343



                                                                                         For the year
     Details of revenue from contracts with customers            For the year ended            ended
                                                                     31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Sale of products (Traded goods)
     Revenue from sale of products
     Chargers                                                               188                 341
                                                                            188                 341

a) Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                         For the year
     Details of revenue from contracts with customers            For the year ended            ended
                                                                     31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Revenue by geography
     India                                                                  188                 341
     Other countries                                                          -                   -
                                                                            188                 341

b) Contract balances

                                                                                         For the year
     Details of revenue from contracts with customers            For the year ended            ended
                                                                     31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Contract assets
     Trade receivables (refer note 11)                                      523                 523
     Contract liabilities
     Deferred revenue from extended warranty services                       147                 206
     Advance received from customer (refer note 18)                           3                  35

c) Reconciliation of revenue recognised with contract price

                                                                                         For the year
     Details of revenue from contracts with customers            For the year ended            ended
                                                                     31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Revenue as per contracted price                                        188                 341
     Adjustments for:
     Advance received from customer                                           -                   -
     Total Revenue from contracts with customers                            188                 341




                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              289
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

Revenue recognised in the below mentioned period out of the closing balance of the immediately preceeding
financial period.

                                                                                                        For the year
                                                                                For the year ended            ended
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
      Contract liabilities
      Advance received from customer                                                          3                  35

                                                                                                        For the year
21    Other income                                                              For the year ended            ended
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
      Interest income under the effective interest method on financial
      assets carried at amortised cost
      Bank deposits                                                                       6,118             14,985
      Loan to related parties (refer note 31)                                                 -                666
      Income on financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss
      Net gain on disposal of mutual fund units                                              21                119
      Other non-operating income
      Provision no longer required written back                                               -                554
      Net exchange gain on foreign exchange fluctuations                                      3                145
      Income tax refund                                                                       -                 29
      Guarantee commission income                                                         1,258              1,430
      Online Marketing Income (refer note 31)                                               490              1,269
                                                                                          7,890             19,197

                                                                                                        For the year
22    Purchase of stock-in-trade                                                For the year ended            ended
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
      Purchase of stock-in-trade                                                           136                 407
                                                                                           136                 407

                                                                                                        For the year
23    Changes in Inventories of stock-in-trade                                  For the year ended            ended
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
      Stock-in-trade at the beginning of the year                                            23                225
      Less: Stock-in-trade goods at the end of the year                                      30                 23
                                                                                             (7)               202

                                                                                                        For the year
24    Employee benefits expense                                                 For the year ended            ended
                                                                                    31 March 2026    31 March 2025
      Salaries, wages and bonus                                                             147                982
      Contribution to provident and other funds                                               3                 29
      Gratuity service cost (refer note 30)                                                   8                 39
      Compensated absences (refer note 30)                                                    4                 16
      Equity settled share based expenses                                                 1,141                 80
      Staff welfare expenses                                                                103                257
                                                                                          1,406              1,403




290
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

                                                                                                     For the year
25   Finance costs                                                           For the year ended            ended
                                                                                 31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Interest expense on
     - Borrowings                                                                      8,460              9,122
     Defined benefit obligation                                                            1                  7
     Other borrowing costs                                                                 3                 21
                                                                                       8,464              9,150



                                                                                                     For the year
26   Depreciation and amortisation expense                                   For the year ended            ended
                                                                                 31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (refer note 4A)                      230                 324
     Amortisation of other intangible assets (refer note 5A)                             81                  21
                                                                                        311                 345

                                                                                                     For the year
27   Other expenses                                                          For the year ended            ended
                                                                                 31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Legal and professional fees                                                       3,050              1,053
     Advertising, marketing and sales promotion                                          259              1,151
     Net loss on fair valuation of mutual fund units                                      21                 71
     Research cost                                                                        17                626
     Impairment of Intanagible assets under development (refer note 5B)                    0              1,992
     Travelling and Conveyance                                                             8                661
     Rates and taxes                                                                       3                 49
     Auditor's remuneration (refer below)                                                156                123
     Office maintenance expenses                                                          16                340
     Rent                                                                                311                134
     Freight and Forwarding chargers                                                      34                 30
     Net exchange loss on foreign exchange fluctuations                                    0                100
     Power and Fuel                                                                       15                103
     Technology cost                                                                      43                217
     Remuneration to Non Executive Directors                                               -                150
     Insurance                                                                            42                122
     Donations                                                                             -                255
     Miscellaneous expense                                                                55                  2
                                                                                       4,030              7,179

                                                                                                     For the year
     Payment to auditors includes (excluding taxes)                          For the year ended            ended
                                                                                 31 March 2026    31 March 2025
     Statutory audit fee                                                                 86                  41
     IPO Expenses                                                                         -                 204
     Limited review and certification services                                           52                  59
     Reimbursement of expenses                                                           18                  23
                                                                                        156                 327




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              291
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                          All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

28. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - FAIR VALUES AND RISK MANAGEMENT

A. Accounting classifications and fair values
The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
their levels in the fair value hierarchy:
As at 31 March 2026

                                                    Financial assets/liabilities                              Fair value


                                                        Fair value         Fair value
                                                         through       through other        Total
                                        Amortised       profit and    comprehensive      carrying
                                 Note        cost              loss          income         value   Level 1       Level 2   Level 3       Total
Assets

Financial assets not measured
at fair value
Cash and cash equivalents       12      19,338      -                 -                 19,338      -         -             -         -
Other bank balances             12      60,673      -                 -                 60,673      -         -             -         -

Trade receivables               11      523         -                 -                 523         -         -             -         -
Other financial assets*         13      22,330      -                 -                 22,330      -         -             -         -

                                        1,02,864    -                 -                 1,02,864    -         -             -         -

Liabilities

Financial liabilities not
measured at fair value

Borrowings                      19B     32,127      -                 -                 32,127      -         -             -         -

Trade payables                  16      3,117       -                 -                 3,117       -         -             -         -

Other financial liabilities     17      2,690       -                 -                 2,690       -         -             -         -
                                        37,934      -                 -                 37,934      -         -             -         -



As at 31 March 2025

                                                    Financial assets/liabilities                              Fair value


                                                        Fair value         Fair value
                                                         through       through other        Total
                                        Amortised       profit and    comprehensive      carrying
                                 Note        cost              loss          income         value   Level 1       Level 2   Level 3       Total
Assets

Financial assets not measured
at fair value

Cash and cash equivalents       12      3,431       -                 -                 3,431       -         -             -         -
Other bank balances             12      1,85,383    -                 -                 1,85,383    -         -             -         -

Trade receivables               11      523         -                 -                 523         -         -             -         -
Other financial assets*         13      56,519      -                 -                 56,519      -         -             -         -




292
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                              All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Financial assets measured
at fair value

Investments in mutual funds   10     -          197         -              197          197      -           -         197

Investments in preference     10     -          -           3,786          3,786        -        3,786       -         3,786
instruments
                                     2,45,856   197         3,786          2,49,839     197      3,786       -         3,983

                                                                                                             -         -
Liabilities                                                                                                  -         -

Financial liabilities not                                                                                    -         -
measured at fair value
Borrowings                    19B    56,627     -           -              56,627       -        -           -         -

Trade payables                16     2,612      -           -              2,612        -        -           -         -

Other financial liabilities   17     3,076      -           -              3,076        -        -           -         -

                                     62,315     -           -              62,315       -        -           -


*The above amount does not include investments carried at cost and application money paid towards
securities.
Fair value hierarchy											
The section explains the judgement and estimates made in determining the fair value of the financial instruments
that are:											
a) recognised and measured at fair value.										
b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial statement.
To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Company has classified
its financial instruments into three levels as mentioned under Indian accounting standards.		
Level 1	Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. This category consists
         of quoted equity share, quoted debt instruments and mutual fund investments. The fair values of
         investments in units of mutual fund are based on the Net Asset Value (NAV) as per the fund statement ;
         		
Level 2	The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using
         valuation techniques which maximize the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on
         entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the
         instrument is included in level 2. This includes preference shares investments at cost as an appropriate
         estimate of fair value.		
Level 3 	Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs
There are no changes in fair value hierarchy during the previous year.						

Financial assets:
The Company has not disclosed the fair values of Cash and cash equivalents including other bank balances, trade
receivables, loans and other financial assets because their carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of
their fair value.											
Financial liabilities:
Borrowings:											
It includes Redeemable non-convertible debentures (current and non-current borrowings). Current and non-
current borrowings are measured at amortised cost. The carrying amounts of the current and non current


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                   293
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                               All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

borrowings would be a reasonable approximation of their fair value.						
					
Trade Payables and Other financial liabilities:
The Company has not disclosed the fair values of trade payables and other financial liabilities because their
carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of their fair value.

B. Measurement of fair values        										
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:					
The fair value of investment in units of unquoted mutual funds is determined by reference to their prevailing net
asset values and the investments in preference shares at cost as an appropriate estimate of fair value.
The carrying amount of borrowings, trade payables and other financial liabilities and other financial assets(current)
measured at cost in the financial statements, are considered to be the same as their fair values, due to their short
term nature.
Financial risk management
The Company’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks, market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.
Risk Management Framework
The Company’s Board of Directors have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s
risk management framework. The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse
the risks faced by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to
limits. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and
the Company’s activities. The Company, through its training and management standards and procedures, aims
to maintain a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand their roles
and responsibilities.

C. Credit risk
Credit risk is managed by the Company through credit approvals, establishing credit limits and continuously
monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Company grants credit terms in the normal course
of business. The Company recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets measured at
amortised cost, debt investments measured at FVOCI and contract assets.
Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired
Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, investments (other than those carried at cost) and other bank
balances are neither past due nor impaired. Cash and cash equivalents include short-term highly liquid deposits
account with banks having a maturity of less than three months.
Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances is limited as the Company
generally invests in deposits with banks.             Further, credit risk on investments is also limited
since the Company primarily invests in liquid mutual fund units having high credit rating.
In investment in preferential instruments and other financial assets that are not past dues and not impaired, there
were no indication of default in repayment as at the year end. The Company has provided for the financial assets
based on the best estimate.
Sales to other than related parties are received in advance hence there are no credit default risk. Trade receivables
are intercompany receivables and it is restricted within India for which there are no credit risk perceived and
hence no provision for receivables are considered and accordingly ECL disclosure are not given for the same. The
Company has used a practical expedient and analysed the recoverable amount of receivables on an individual
basis by computing the expected loss allowance for financial assets based on historical credit loss experience.
D.    Liquidity risk				          				
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach to
managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities
when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage



294
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                              All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

to the Company’s reputation. The Company believes that the working capital is sufficient to meet its current
requirements. Accordingly, no significant liquidity risk is perceived. (read along with note no 2.7)
As of 31 March 2026, the Company had a working capital of ₨ 68,271 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 221,046 lakhs) which
represents surplus arising out of balance held in current investment of ₨ Nil (31 March 2025: ₨ 197 lakhs), cash and
cash equivalents of ₨ 19,338 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 3,431 lakhs) and other bank balances of ₨ 66,672 lakhs (31
March 2025: ₨ 185,383 lakhs). Out of this, ₨ 61,232 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 124,162 lakhs) are pertaining to IPO
Funds which can be used for the purpose as specified in the Prospectus.				
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as of 31
March 2026:
The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual interest payments
                                                                  Less than                       More than
Particulars
                                            Note Carrying value      1 year     1 to 5 year         5 years              Total
Trade payables                                16          3,117     3,117                 -                 -           3,117
Borrowings                                   19B         32,127    32,127                                   -          32,127
Other financial liabilities                   17          2,690     2,690                 -                 -           2,690



The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as of
31 March 2025:
The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual interest payments
                                                                  Less than                       More than
Particulars
                                            Note Carrying value      1 year     1 to 5 year         5 years              Total
Trade payables                                16          2,612     2,612               -                   -           2,612
Borrowings                                   19B         56,627    30,900          37,100                   -          68,000
Other financial liabilities                   17          3,076     3,076               -                   -           3,076

E.   Capital management :
For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, securities premium
and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital
management is to maximise the shareholder value. The Company manages its capital structure and makes
adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions. The Company monitors capital using a gearing ratio,
which is net debt divided by total equity.

Particulars                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                          31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Total Liabilities                                                                                 38,297               62,670
Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  (19,338)              (3,431)
Less: Other bank balances                                                                        (60,673)           (1,85,383)
Add: Funds related to IPO (included in other bank balances)                                       61,232             1,24,162
Adjusted Net debts                                                                                19,518               (1,982)

Total Equity                                                                                  10,92,207            11,01,653
Adjusted Equity                                                                               11,01,653             4,90,906
Net Debt to adjusted equity ratio                                                                 0.018               (0.004)

F. Market risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash ﬂows of a ﬁnancial instrument will ﬂuctuate because of
changes in market prices. Market prices comprises two types of risk: currency rate risk and interest rate risk.
Financial instruments affected by market risks include loans and borrowings, deposits, investments and foreign
currency receivables and payables.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    295
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

a. Interest rate risk
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because
of changes in market interest rates. The Company does not have any borrowings with floating interest rate and
hence the Company does not have any exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rate. However, the
Company constantly monitors the credit markets and rebalances its financing strategies to achieve an optimal
maturity profile and financing cost.
As at 31 March 2026

                                                                                           Non-interest
Particulars                                              Floating Rate      Fixed Rate
                                                                                               bearing Total borrowings
                                                           Borrowings      Borrowings
                                                                                            borrowings
Financial Liabilities (Borrowings)                                              32,127                              32,127

As at 31 March 2025

                                                                                           Non-interest
Particulars                                              Floating Rate      Fixed Rate
                                                                                               bearing Total borrowings
                                                           Borrowings      Borrowings
                                                                                            borrowings
Financial Liabilities (Borrowings)                                             56,627                               56,627

Sensitivity Analysis on Fixed rate Borrowings:
As at 31 March 2026

Particulars                                                                          Impact on Profit or   Impact on equity,
                                                                                       (loss) before tax          net of tax
1% increase                                                                                  (321)                    (240)
1% decrease                                                                                   321                      240

As at 31 March 2025

Particulars                                                                          Impact on Profit or   Impact on equity,
                                                                                       (loss) before tax          net of tax
1% increase                                                                                  (566)                    (424)
1% decrease                                                                                   566                      424

Interest rate sensitivity has been calculated assuming the borrowings outstanding at reporting date have been
outstanding for the entire reporting period.										

b. Foreign currency risk
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from foreign currency
transactions, primarily with respect to the USD, CNY and Euro. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial
transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the Company’s functional
currency. The functional currency of the Company is the Indian Rupee INR. 				


The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 1% increase and decrease in the INR against the relevant
foreign currencies. (+)(-) 1% is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key
management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign
exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items
and adjusts their translation at the year end for a 1% change in foreign currency rates. A positive number below
indicates an increase in loss or decrease in equity where the Rs. strengthens 1% against the relevant currency.
For a 1% weakening of the Rs. against the relevant currency, there would be a comparable impact on the profit or
equity (and hence not separately disclosed), and the balances below would be negative. Impact of sensitivity on
equity is not material and hence not disclosed.




296
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

Unhedged foreign currency exposure
Particulars                                                   USD          EURO            CNY
Trade payables
As at 31 March 2026 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)   -            -               7,69,570
As at 31 March 2026 (in functional currency, INR lakhs)       -            -               105
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               -            -               1
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               -            -               (1)

As at 31 March 2025 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)   8,187        -               7,69,570
As at 31 March 2025 (in functional currency, INR lakhs)       7            -               91
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               0            -               1
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               (0)          -               (1)

Other financial Assets                                        -                            -
As at 31 March 2026 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)   -            1,09,246        -
As at 31 March 2026 (in functional currency, INR lakhs)       -            119             -
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               -            1               -
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR lakhs)                            (1)
                                                              -                            -
As at 31 March 2025 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)   -            1,09,246        -
As at 31 March 2025 (in functional currency, INR lakhs)       -            101             -
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               -            1               -
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR lakhs)                            (1)

Trade Receivables                                             -                            -
As at 31 March 2026 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)   -                            -
As at 31 March 2026 (in functional currency, INR lakhs)       -                            -
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               -                            -
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR lakhs)
                                                              -                            -
As at 31 March 2025 (in foreign currency, absolute numbers)   -            1,025           -
As at 31 March 2025 (in functional currency, INR lakhs)       -            1               -
1% Increase (in functional currency, INR lakhs)               -            0               -
1% Decrease (in functional currency, INR lakhs)                            (0)

The above sensitivity analysis is based on a reasonably possible change in the underlying foreign currency against
the Indian Rupee computed from historical data and is representative of the foreign exchange currency risk
inherent in financial assets and financial liabilities reported at the reporting date.					
						




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26          297
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated


29    Contingent liabilities and Capital commitments                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026       31 March 2025
a     Contingent liabilities
      Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt
      Goods and service taxes                                                                              70

b     Commitments
       Capital commitments
       Estimated amount remaining to be executed on account of capital contracts (Net of                   68               203
      advances).
      The Company has provided letters of support to all its subsidiaries indicating the Company’s intent to provide necessary
      financial support, which requires the Company to consider mitigating circumstances, in order to support its operations
      and meet its continuing obligations.

c     Guarantees
      The Company has issued corporate guarantees, in favour of the Banks / Lenders on behalf of its subsidiary Ola Electric
      Technologies Private Limited for the purposes of working capital and other general corporate purposes:
      (i) Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                 81,836            1,67,000
      (ii) Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                  1,21,654              83,700

30. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
Contribution to provident fund (Defined contribution):
The Company makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of
employees towards Provident Fund, which is a defined Contribution plan. The Company has no obligations other
than to make the specified contributions. The contribution are charged to the statement of profit and loss as they
accrue. The amount recognised as an expense towards contribution to Provident Fund for the year aggregated to
₨ 3 Lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 29 Lakhs)
Compensated absences (other short-term employee benefit):
The Company provides compensated absences benefit subject to certain rules. The liability is provided based
on the number of days of unutilized leave at each balance sheet date on the basis of current salary. The amount
recognised in the statement of profit and loss on account of provision for compensated absence is ₨ 4 Lakhs (31
March 2025: ₨ 16 Lakhs)
Gratuity (Defined benefit plan):
The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 (‘Gratuity Act’). Under
the Gratuity Act, employees who have completed five years of service is entitled to specific benefit. The level of
benefit provided depends on the employee’s length of service and salary at retirement age/ termination.
The present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plan is determined based on an actuarial valuation
as at the reporting date using the projected unit credit method. The Company recognizes the net obligation of a
defined benefit plan in its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses through re-measurements of the
net defined benefit liability / (asset) are recognized in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified to
profit or loss in subsequent periods.
Company’s gratuity scheme for employees is unfunded.




298
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Based on an actuarial valuation, the following tables set out the amounts recognised in the Company’s
financial statements:

                                                                                                  Gratuity (unfunded)
Reconciliation of present value of defined benefit obligation
                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     21                 91
Obligations transferred in during the year                                                                0                  0
Obligations transferred out during the year                                                              (3)                 -
Current service cost                                                                                      8                 39
Interest cost                                                                                             1                  7
Benefit paid                                                                                            (16)               (65)
Actuarial gains on obligations recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)                            (2)               (51)
Obligations at year end                                                                                   9                 21
Current                                                                                                   0                  2
Non Current                                                                                               9                 19

Expense recognised in the statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Current service cost                                                                                      8                 39
Interest cost                                                                                             1                  7
Net gratuity cost                                                                                         9                 46


Remeasurements recognised in other comprehensive income:

                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Remeasurements - Actuarial gain                                                                          (2)               (51)
                                                                                                         (2)               (51)

Assumptions used to determine defined benefit obligation:

                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                            31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Discount Rate                                                                                       6.48%              6.66%
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels                                         12% p.a.            12% p.a.
Rate of employee turnover                                                                             37%                34%
Mortality rate during employment                                                           Indian Assured        Indian Assured
                                                                                         Lives Mortality         Lives Mortality
                                                                                         (2012-14) Urban       (2012-14) Urban
Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation			                                         5 years             5 years
Retirement Age                                                                                   60 Years             60 Years


The Company assesses these assumptions with its projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry
standards. The discount rate is based on the government securities yield.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    299
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                         All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Sensitivity analysis of significant assumptions:
The following table presents a sensitivity analysis to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding other
assumptions constant, showing how the defined benefit obligation would have been affected by changes in the
relevant actuarial assumptions that were reasonably possible at the reporting date.

Particulars                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                     31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Discount rate
1% increase                                                                                       (0)                 (1)
1% decrease                                                                                        0                   1
Salary
1% increase                                                                                        0                   1
1% decrease                                                                                       (0)                 (1)
Employee turnover
1% increase                                                                                       (0)                 (1)
1% decrease                                                                                        0                   1

Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the
valuation of the defined benefit obligation by one percentage, keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant.
Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation:

Particulars                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                     31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Within 1 year                                                                                      0                   2
2 year                                                                                             0                   4
3 year                                                                                             0                   4
4 year                                                                                             4                   3
5 year                                                                                             3                   4
6-10 years                                                                                         5                   8
11 years and above                                                                                 1                   2

31. RELATED PARTIES

A. Related party relationships
I. Enterprises where control exist
Subsidiaries
- Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited, India
- Ola Electric Charging Private Limited, India
- Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited, India
- Ola Electric Mobility B.V, Netherlands
- Ola Electric Mobility Inc., USA
- Etergo B.V, Netherlands*
- Etergo Operations B.V, Netherlands**
- Ola Electric UK Private Limited, United Kingdom*
- Ola Electric Technologies B.V, Netherlands*
- EIA Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (China)*
*Wholly owned subsidiary of Ola Electric Mobility B.V., Netherlands
**Wholly owned subsidiary of Etergo B.V., Netherlands


300
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                          All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated



Other Companies/ Firms in which directors or their relatives are interested
- ANI Technologies Private Limited, India
- Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited, India
- Ola Financial Services Private Limited, India
- Pisces eServices Private Limited, India
- Ola USA Inc., USA
- Krutrim SI Designs Private Limited
Entities over which key management personnel are able to exercise significant influence
- OEM Employees Welfare Trust


III. Other related parties
Key Managerial Personnel
Directors
- Bhavish Aggarwal (Chairman and Managing Director)
- Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti (Non-Executive Director)
- Arun Sarin (Non-Executive Director)
- Manoj Kumar Kohli (Non - Executive, Independent Director)
- Shradha Sharma (Non-Executive, Independent Woman Director)
- Ananth Sankaranarayanan (Non-Executive, Independent Director) (with effect from 06 December 2023 till 05
December 2025)
-Navalur Dattatreya Singh Shashank (Non-Executive, Independent Director) (with effect from 5 December 2025)
Executive officers
- Deepak Rastogi (Chief Financial Officer) (with effect from 20 January 2026)
- Abhishek Jain (Company Secretary) (with effect from 12 September 2025)
- Harish Abichandani (Chief Financial Officer) (till 19 January 2026)
- Pritam Das Mohapatra (Company Secretary) (with effect from 30 December 2024 till 13 June 2025)
- Pramendra Tomar (Company Secretary) (with effect from 29 June 2023 to 01 October 2024)



B. Related party transactions                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                                      31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Expenses reimbursed to
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                   54              1,529
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                          36                  -

Expenses incurred on behalf of
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                      2,007               2,823
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                            259                  88
Krutrium SI Design Private Limited                                                                 -                 189




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                 301
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Transfer of Capital Work-in-Progress and Intangibles under Development(Receivable)
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                                 -              9,404


Transfer of Capital Work-in-Progress and Intangibles under Development(Payable)
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                              664                    -
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                    78                   -


Other Non-Operating Income (Online Marketing Income)
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                              490               1,269


Guarantee commission income
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                              653               1,066
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                  605                 365


Purchases of Goods
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                                91                   6


Interest income on loan given
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited				                                                             -                664


Interest income on CCD
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited				                                                              -                  2
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited				                                                              -                  0


Investment in equity instruments #
Ola Electric Mobility B.V. , Netherlands                                                             1,237               6,155
Ola Electric Mobility Inc. , USA                                                                     2,932               1,469
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                            4,266               2,540
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                  272             15,154
# Investments in the form of share-based payments ₨ 4,496 lakhs and conversion of share
application money ₨ 4,211 lakhs


Investments in Compulsorily Convertible Preference shares
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                           94,000           3,52,055
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                               20,800           1,27,884
Ola Electric Charging Private Limited                                                                      -               760


Application money paid towards securities
Ola Electric Mobility B.V. , Netherlands                                                                   -             1,231
Ola Electric Mobility Inc. , USA                                                                           -             2,980


Corporate guarantee given
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                               37,954             50,750


Corporate guarantee matured



302
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                               85,164                 873
Remuneration paid to directors & executive officers *
Short-term employee benefits                                                                               747               1,517
Share-based payment                                                                                      1,155               2,075
Remuneration paid to Non executive directors                                                                  -                150

The Company also paid director’s sitting fees of INR 101 lakhs (31 March 2025: INR 102 lakhs) to non-executive directors
& non-executive independent directors.
* The aforesaid amounts does not include provision for gratuity as the same is determined for the Company as a whole
based on actuarial valuation and actual liability respectively. For the purpose of compliance with respect to managerial
remuneration, share based payment will be considered at the time of exercise.managerial remuneration, share based
payment will be considered at the time of exercise. Letter of financial and operational support/ undertaking given to the
following subsidiaries:
C.   BALANCES OUTSTANDING WITH RESPECT TO :

                                                                                                         As at               As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Other financial liabilities
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited, India                                                              394                 393
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                                  309                 309
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                           477                 427
Ola Financial Services Private Limited                                                                     153                 359

Other financial assets
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                               14,901             32,682
Ola Electric Mobility B.V. , Netherlands                                                                    94                 94
Ola Financial Services Private Limited                                                                       2                  2
ANI Technologies Private Limited                                                                         2,457              2,457
Ola USA Inc., USA                                                                                            2                  2
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                      91                 91
Ola Electric Charging Private Limited                                                                       14                  4
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                      233                 38
Krutrium SI Design Private Ltd                                                                             189                189

Trade receivables
Ola Fleet Technologies Private Limited                                                                     523                 523

Trade payables
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                                    97                   6

Guarantee commission receivable (other financial asset)
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                                3,683               3,021
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                      623                   -

Corporate guarantee outstanding
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited						                                                                                12,500
Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited                                                               81,836           1,67,000
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                                                                 1,21,654             83,700
Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in
arm’s length transactions.


                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    303
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                    All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated

Letter of financial and operational support/ undertaking given to the following subsidiaries:

Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited, India                Subsidiary
Ola Electric Charging Private Limited, India                    Subsidiary
Ola Electric Mobility B.V. , Netherlands                        Subsidiary
Ola Electric Mobility Inc. , USA                                Subsidiary
Etergo B.V, Netherlands                                         Subsidiary
Etergo Operations B.V. , Netherlands                            Subsidiary
Ola Electric UK Private Limited, UK                             Subsidiary
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited                           Subsidiary

32. DUES TO MICRO ENTERPRISES AND SMALL ENTERPRISES

The Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises has issued an office memorandum dated 26 August 2008 which
recommends that the Micro and Small Enterprises should mention in their correspondence with its customers the
“Entrepreneurs Memorandum Number” as allocated after filing of the Memorandum. Accordingly, the disclosure
in respect of the amounts payable to such enterprises as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 has been made in
these standalone financial statements based on information received and available with the Company. Further in
view of the management, the impact of interest, if any, that may be payable in accordance with the provisions of
the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (‘the Act’) is not expected to be material. The
Company has not received any claim for interest from any supplier in this regard. Total outstanding dues of micro
enterprises and small enterprises (as per the intimation received from vendors) is as follows:

Particulars                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                                31 March 2026       31 March 2025
(i) The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to
any supplier as at the end of the year:
- Principal amount						                                                                                   694                  10
- Interest *						                                                                                          48                   0
(ii) The amount of interest paid by the Company in terms of Section 16 of the MSMED Act,                     -                   -
2006 along with the amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day
during each accounting year.
(iii) The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment                        -                   -
(which has been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the
interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006.
(iv) Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of the accounting year                       48                   0
(v) The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years,                   48                   0
until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for
the purposes of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006
The above disclosures are provided by the Company based on the information available with
the Company in respect of the registration status of its vendors/ suppliers.

The above disclosures are provided by the Company based on the information available with the Company in
respect of the registration status of its vendors/ suppliers.							




304
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)
                                                                                 All amounts are in ₨Lakhs unless otherwise stated


33   Earnings per share                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                                             31 March 2026       31 March 2025
     The calculation of profit attributable to equity shareholders and weighted
     average number of equity shares outstanding for the purpose of basic
     earnings per share calculations are as follows:
     Loss for the year                                                                            (11,299)               (3,972)
     Weighted average number of equity shares						
     Opening equity shares                                                               4,41,08,29,885         1,95,54,49,972
     Effect of shares issued in August 2024                                                           -           46,99,46,733
     Effect of conversion of CCPS into equity during the year                                         -         1,73,16,22,286
     Weighted average ordinary equity shares considered for calculation of               4,41,08,29,885         4,15,70,18,991
      basic earnings per share (a)
     Opening compulsorily convertible preference shares                                                  -      1,73,16,22,286
     Effect of conversion of CCPS into equity during the year                                            -     (1,73,16,22,286)
     Weighted average CCPS considered for calculation of basic earnings per share (b)
     Weighted average number of equity shares considered for calculation of basic        4,41,08,29,885         4,15,70,18,991
     earnings per share (c=(a+b))
     B. Diluted earnings per share
     Weighted average equity shares considered for calculation of basic earnings per     4,41,08,29,885         4,15,70,18,991
     share
     Weighted average equity shares considered for calculation of diluted earnings per   4,41,08,29,885         4,15,70,18,991
     share
     Earnings per share:
     Basic                                                                                           (0.26)               (0.10)
     Diluted                                                                                         (0.26)               (0.10)

As the effect of conversion of potential dilutive shares are anti-dilutive, dilutive effect for the current period have
been considered as nil.								


34.	SEGMENT REPORTING
The Company publishes Standalone Financial Statements along with Consolidated Financial Statements. In
accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating segments, the Company has disclosed the segment information in the
Consolidated Financial Statements. Accordingly, the segment information is given in the Consolidated Financial
Statements of Ola Electric Mobility Limited and its subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2026.
35.	TAX EXPENSE
a) Amount recognised in profit or loss

Particulars                                                                         For the year ended        For the year ended
                                                                                        31 March 2026             31 March 2025
Current tax expense
Current year                                                                                      -                      -
Changes in estimate related to prior years                                                      433                      -
                                                                                                433                      -
Deferred tax expense                                                                              -                      -
Total                                                                                           433                      -




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                    305
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

b) Reconciliation of effective tax rate

Particulars                                                                    For the year ended   For the year ended
                                                                                   31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Loss before tax                                                                       (11,299)           (3,972)
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate                                              (2,844)           (1,000)
Tax effect of :
  Current-year losses for which no deferred tax asset is recognised                      2,844            1,000
  Changes in estimate related to prior years                                               433                -
Tax expense                                                                                433                -

c) Un-recognised deferred tax assets and liabilities
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

Particulars                                                                                As at                As at
                                                                                  31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Deferred tax liability                                                                       4                 -
Property, plant and equipment                                                                4                 -

Deferred tax assets
Property, plant and equipment                                                               -                34
On carry forward business losses and unabsorbed depreciation                            6,327             5,566
Provisions for employee benefits and Others                                             7,491             6,532
                                                                                       13,818            12,132
Unrecognised deferred tax assets / (liabilities) (net)                                 13,814            12,132




Particulars                                                                                As at                As at
                                                                                  31 March 2026        31 March 2025
Carry forward business losses*                                                         20,003            21,001
Carry forward unabsorbed depreciation                                                       -               438

*The business losses expire ranges from 2028 to 2031. The carry forward unabsorbed depreciation does not have
an expiry as per the Income tax act, 1961. The deductible temporary differences do not expire under current
tax legislation.

36. EMPLOYEES’ SHARE-BASED PAYMENT PLAN
a) Description of share-based payment arrangements
The Company has the following share-based payment arrangement for employees:
2019 Employees’ Equity Linked Incentive Plan 2019 (‘the 2019 plan’)
The 2019 plan was approved by the Board of Directors on 18 January 2019 and by the shareholders on 21
January 2019. The 2019 plan was subsequently amended by shareholder resolutions passed on 08 December
2023 and 01 October 2024. The 2019 Plan is administered and monitored by the OEM Employees Welfare Trust
and is in compliance with the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB
Regulations”).
Under the 2019 plan, eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are granted options that provide a
right, but not an obligation, to purchase or subscribe to the Company’s shares at a future date, at a pre-determined
exercise price, subject to compliance with vesting conditions. All exercised options shall be settled by the issue of
equity shares or as provided under the 2019 plan. As per the terms of the 2019 plan, holders of vested options are
entitled to purchase one equity share of INR 10 each for every thousand options at an exercise price of INR Nil. The
maximum term of the options granted is 5 years.




306
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

Stock option cost recorded in these financial statements is based on the fair value of the stock options which is
measured using the Black-Scholes formula.
The number and reconciliation of the share options under the share option plan are as follows:

b) Reconciliation of outstanding share options *                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                31 March 2026         31 March 2025
Outstanding at the beginning                                                   62,84,50,41,483     1,01,38,75,68,827
Granted during the year                                                         2,54,04,64,184          26,67,58,632
Excercised during the year                                                   (14,83,14,28,941)     (24,04,43,51,695)
Forfeited and expired during the year                                         (2,01,53,77,845)     (14,76,49,34,282)
Outstanding at the end                                                        48,53,86,98,881       62,84,50,41,482
Exercisable at the end                                                        46,99,08,59,020       59,50,25,79,857

The weighted average share price of options exercised under the 2019 plan on the date of exercise was ₨ 48.62
(March 31, 2025: ₨ 123.03)
* The number of options presented for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 have been adjusted for
the effect of the bonus issue on 23 December 2021 in the ratio of 1:194,998.
c) The fair values per option for options granted during the year is measured based on the Black-Scholes model,
which is as below:

Particulars                                                Number of            Fair value
                                                            options*           per option             Contractual life
From 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025                       26,67,58,632              ₨ 0.103               2.73 years
From 1 April 2025 to 31 March 2026                     2,54,04,64,184   ₨ 0.032 to ₨0.075                1.43 years

The fair value per options mentioned above is calculated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes model with the
following assumptions:

d) Assumptions                                                                             As at               As at
                                                                                  31 March 2026       31 March 2025
Risk free interest rate                                                                   7%               7%
Expected volatility                                                                      30%              30%
Expected life                                                                      1.43 years       2.73 years

e) During the year, the Company recorded a share based payment expense of ₨ 1,141 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 80
lakhs) in the statement of profit and loss.								
f) The weighted average remaining contractual life of outstanding options is 2.5 years (31 March 2025: 0.53 years).

37.	LONG-TERM CONTRACTS
The Company does not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there are any
material foreseeable losses.

38.	IMPAIRMENT
The Company’s Management assesses the operations of the subsidiaries, including the future projections, to
identify indications of impairment, in the value of the investments recorded in the books of account. The Company
based on market conditions and business projections, assessed the recoverable amount for the investments in
Etergo B.V. (wholly owned subsidiary of Ola Electric Mobility B.V. Netherlands) and Ola Electric Mobility Inc, US
which individually represent cash generating units (CGUs). Accordingly, during the year ended 31 March 2026, the
Company has recognised a provision of ₨ 4,665 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨ 4,826 lakhs) for impairment in the value
of its long term investments. This includes impairment of investment in Etergo B.V. (wholly owned subsidiary of
Ola Electric Mobility B.V. Netherlands) amounting to ₨ 4,623 lakhs (31 March 2025: ₨1,842 lakhs) and Ola Electric
Mobility Inc, US amounting to₨ 42 lakhs (31 March 2025:₨ 2,984 lakhs).




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26              307
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

39.	ANALYTICAL RATIOS

Ratio                                 Numerator                      Denominator                              As at            As at
                                                                                                     31 March 2026    31 March 2025    % Variance
Current ratio (in times)^             Current assets                 Current liabilities                     2.79             8.47         -67%
Debt-Equity ratio ^^                  Debt (borrowings +             Shareholders equity                     0.03             0.05         -43%
                                      lease liabilities)
Debt Service Coverage ratio           Earnings for Debt              Debt Service                           (0.07)            0.10       -167%
(in times) *                          Service
Return on Equity ratio (in            Net Profit for the year        Average shareholders                 -1.03%           -0.48%         115%
%)^^^                                                                equity
Trade receivables turnover            Revenue from                   Average trade receivables               0.36             0.06        457%
ratio#                                operations
Trade payables turnover               Adjusted Expenses              Average trade payables                  1.45             2.53         -43%
ratio##                               (Purchases + Other
                                      expenses)
Net capital turnover ratio#           Revenue from                   Working Capital (current               0.003            0.001        103%
                                      operations                     assets - current liabilities)
Inventory Turnover ratio              Cost of goods sold             Average Inventory                       4.87            4.00          22%
Net profit ratio (in %)**             Net Profit for the year        Revenue from operations              -4538%          -1333%          240%
Return on capital employed**          "Profit before tax and         Capital employed (Net                  -0.2%            0.5%        -139%
                                      finance                        worth + borrowings +
                                      costs"                         lease liabilities )
Return on investment (in %)&          Income generated from          Average invested funds in                 5%             10%          -51%
                                      treasury investments           treasury investments
^ Due to increase in short-term borrowings

^^ Due to increase in equity share capital on account of issue of equity shares and conversion of CCPS.

* Ratio has improved due to operating profits (earings for debt service) during the year.

** Due to decrease in revenue from operations / decrease in in cost of goods sold.
# Due to decrease in average trade payables

## Due to increase in equity and borrowings.

@ Due to increase in average tenure of investment.




308
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

40. Initial Public Offer Proceeds Utilisation
During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company had completed its initial public offering (IPO) of 808,699,624
equity shares with a face value of INR 10 each at an issue price of INR 76 per share (includes 797,101 equity shares
with a face value of INR 10 each at an issue price of INR 69 per share), comprising fresh issue of 723,757,627 shares
and an offer for sale of 84,941,997 shares. The Company’s equity shares were listed on the National Stock Exchange
of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) on 09 August 2024.
The total proceeds on account of fresh issue were INR 527,506 lakhs (net of issue expenses of INR 22,494 lakhs). The
utilization of net of IPO proceeds as at March 31, 2026 is summarized below:

                                                          Net IPO proceeds Net IPO proceeds Utilisation of IPO         Unutilised IPO
Particulars                                                to be utilised as to be utilised as proceeds upto 31     proceeds as on 31
                                                            per prospectus per reallocation         March 2026           March 2026
Capital expenditure to be incurred by our Subsidiary,            1,22,764                     -                 -                        -
Ola Cell Technologies Private Limited for the project
specified in prospectus
Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the                   80,000             80,000             80,000                          -
indebtedness incurred by our Subsidiary, Ola Electric
Technologies Private Limited
Expenditure into research and product development                1,60,000             93,000             83,425                9,575
Expenditure to be incurred for organic growth                      35,000           1,30,064             93,645               36,419
initiatives
General corporate purposes                                       1,29,742           1,37,442           1,18,774               18,668
Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the                        -             87,000             39,500               47,500
indebtedness incurred by the company and/or its
subsidaries
Total Net Proceeds				                                           5,27,506           5,27,506          4,15,344             1,12,162

“Out of the net proceeds which were unutilized INR 110,062 lakhs are temporarily invested in fixed deposits, INR
2,100 lakhs is held in the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries monitoring accounts.
As at 31 March 2026, the above IPO funds has been raised by the Company to be used in its wholly owned subsidiaries
(ultimate beneficiaries) as per the Company’s prospectus.
                                                                                Date of transfer
Name of the                                        Ultimate                                        Purpose of funds to
                   Date of receipt    Amount (In                                to ultimate                                   Amount
funding party                                      Beneficiary                                     be used for
                   from funding party ₨crores)                                  beneficiary                                (In crores)
                                                   Ola Electric Technologies                       Repayment/             3,75,000
                                                   Private Limited                                 prepayment of
                                                   Ola Cell Technologies                           loan,expenditure         58,664
                                                   Private Limited                                 in research and
Investors in Initial
                     07-Aug-24        5,27,506     Ola Electric UK Private      Various            development,               2,617
public offer
                                                   Limited                                         organic growth
                                                   Ola Electric Mobility Inc.                      and general                  642
                                                                                                   corporate
                                                                                                   payments
Total                                 5,27,506                                                                            4,36,923




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26                  309
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

For the year ended 31 March 2025
The total proceeds on account of fresh issue were INR 527,506 lakhs (net of issue expenses of INR 22,494 lakhs). The
utilization of the net IPO proceeds as at 31 March 2025 is summarized below:

                                                                            Net IPO proceeds Utilisation of IPO    Unutilisation of
Particulars                                                                  to be utilised as proceeds upto 31 IPO proceeds as on
                                                                              per prospectus        March 2025      31 March 2025
Capital expenditure to be incurred by our Subsidiary, Ola Cell                      1,22,764                    -         1,22,764
Technologies Private Limited for the project specified in prospectus
Repayment or prepayment, in full or part, of the indebtedness incurred                80,000             80,000                        -
by our Subsidiary, Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited
Expenditure into research and product development                                   1,60,000            31,513            1,28,487
Expenditure to be incurred for organic growth initiatives                             35,000            21,700              13,300
General corporate purposes                                                          1,29,742          1,12,012              17,730
Total Net Proceeds                                                                  5,27,506          2,45,225            2,82,281

Out of the net proceeds which were unutilized INR 277,500 lakhs are temporarily invested in fixed deposits, INR
4,800 lakhs is held in the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries monitoring accounts.
As at 31 March 2025, the above IPO funds has been raised by the Company to be used in its wholly owned subsidiaries
(ultimate beneficiaries) as per the Company’s prospectus.
                                                                                Date of transfer
Name of the                                        Ultimate                                        Purpose of funds to
                   Date of receipt    Amount (In                                to ultimate                                 Amount
funding party                                      Beneficiary                                     be used for
                   from funding party ₨crores)                                  beneficiary                              (In crores)
                                                   Ola Electric Technologies                       Repayment/            2,60,000
                                                   Private Limited                                 prepayment of
                                                   Ola Cell Technologies                           loan,expenditure      1,32,764
                                                   Private Limited                                 in research and
Investors in Initial
                     07-Aug-24        5,27,506     Ola Electric UK Private      Various            development,             2,617
public offer
                                                   Limited                                         organic growth
                                                   Ola Electric Mobility Inc.                      and general                642
                                                                                                   corporate
                                                                                                   payments
Total                                 5,27,506                                                                           3,96,023

41. Other matters
a. During the year ended March 31, 2025, the Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA) had requested
   information with respect to Ola Electric Technologies Private Limited a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company,
   towards various consumer grievances, registered on the National Consumer Helpline from September 01, 2023
   to August 30, 2024, on which the Company had provided its response to CCPA. Subsequently, the Company had
   received notice under Section 19(3) of the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, and further queries seeking additional
   information, which was also furnished by the Company. The Company does not expect any material impact of this
   matter on the financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026.
b. The Company had received various email communications/letters in the previous year and current year ended
    March 31, 2026, from the National Stock Exchange Limited and Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI),
    seeking information with respect to variance in the number of vehicles sold as per Vahan portal and as mentioned
    in the Company’s press announcement dated February 28, 2025 with respect to Ola Electric Technologies Private
    Limited a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company had provided response to the above email
    communications/letters on various dates to National Stock Exchange Limited and Securities and Exchange Board
    of India (SEBI), which includes a clarification stating that the press announcement of 25,000 units of vehicles sold
    was with respect to vehicle bookings. The Company had further clarified that as per the Company’s revenue
    recognition policy, revenue is recognized by the Company on the basis of delivery of the scooter to the customers
    after completion of the registration process. The Company does not expect any material impact of this matter on
    the financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026.




310
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

42	REGULATORY INFORMATION
A) Other than in the normal and ordinary course of business, the Company has not advanced or loaned or invested
    funds to any persons or entities, including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the
    Intermediary shall:						
1) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
    behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or						
2) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries				
   		
B) Other than in the normal and ordinary course of business, the Company has not received any fund from any
    persons or entities, including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in
    writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:						
a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on
    behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or						
b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.			
C) The Company does not fall under the ambit of Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to corporate
    social responsibility.						
D) The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against
    the Company for holding any Benami.						
E) The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto Currency or virtual currency during the current year.
F) The Company does not have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been
    surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the income tax act, 1961
    (such as search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the income tax Act).
G) The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies
    (ROC) beyond statutory period.						
H) The Company does not have any transactions with the companies struck off under section 248 of the companies
    act, 2013 or section 560 of the companies act, 1956.						
I) The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible
    assets or both during the current or previous year.						
J) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any
    government authority.						
K)The Company has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
L) The Company has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact on current or
    previous financial year.						




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025-26            311
Notes to standalone financial statements (contd.)

43. EVENTS OCCURING AFTER REPORTING PERIOD
Subsequent to the year end, the Shareholders of the Company, vide special resolution dated 22 April 2026, has
approved variation in the objects / terms of utilisation of the intial public offering (IPO) proceeds and modification
of time limit for utilisation of the IPO Proceeds. Refer note 2.7 for details.					


As per our report of even date attached  for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
For B S R & Co. LLP                      Ola Electric Mobility Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm's Registration No. 101248W/W-100022

Umang Banka                                 Bhavish Aggarwal                     Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Partner                                     Chairman and Managing Director       Director
Membership No.: 223018                      DIN: 03287473                        DIN : 01338477

                                            Place: Bengaluru                     Place: Bengaluru
                                            Date: 20 May 2026                    Date: 20 May 2026

                                            Abhishek Jain                        Deepak Rastogi
                                            Company Secretary                    Chief Financial Officer

Place: Bengaluru                            Place: Bengaluru                     Place: Bengaluru
Date: 20 May 2026                           Date: 20 May 2026                    Date: 20 May 2026




312
NOTICE OF 9TH ANNUAL
GENERAL MEETING




              Annual Report 2025-26   313
                                    OLA ELECTRIC MOBILITY LIMITED



                                                    NOTICE
NOTICE is hereby given that the Ninth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Members of Ola Electric Mobility
Limited (“the Company”) scheduled to be held on Wednesday, September 30, 2026, at 4:30P.M (IST) through
Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following business(es):

ORDINARY BUSINESS
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:

Item No. 1-To consider and adopt the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company
for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, together with the reports of the board of directors and auditors’
thereon and in this regard, to consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT the audited standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company, comprising of
the balance sheet as at March 31, 2026, the statement of profit and loss, cash flow statement and statement of
equity, together with the notes thereto, for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and the reports of the board of
directors and the auditors thereon, be and are hereby considered and adopted”.
Item No. 2 - To appoint a director in place of Mr. Arun Sarin (DIN: 01384344), who retires by rotation and being
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and the rules
made thereunder (including any amendment(s), statutory modifications (s), or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time
being in force), read with the Articles of Association of the Company, Arun Sarin (DIN: 01384344), Non-Executive
Director, who retires by rotation, at this meeting and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment, be and
is hereby re-appointed as Non-Executive Director, liable to retire by retire by rotation.”

SPECIAL BUSINESS:
Item No. 3: Re-appointment of Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli (DIN: 00162071) as an Non-Executive Independent Director
of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149 and 152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) and the rules made thereunder, as amended
from time to time, and Regulation 16(1)(b), 17 & 25 and the other applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), as
amended from time to time, and the Articles of Association of the Company, and based on the recommendation
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. Manoj
Kumar Kohli (DIN: 00162071), who was appointed as an Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for
a first term of three consecutive years commencing from December 06, 2023 and ending on December 05, 2026,
and who is eligible for re-appointment for a second term and has consented to continue to act as an Non Executive
Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company and has submitted the requisite declaration confirming that
he meets the criteria for independence as prescribed under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations, and in
respect of whom the Company has received all requisite disclosures and declarations, be and is hereby re-appointed
as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for a second term of five consecutive
years commencing from December 06, 2026 up to December 05, 2031, on such terms and conditions, including
payment of sitting fees as may be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act,
the Listing Regulations and the terms of his appointment.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal (DIN: 03287473), Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti (DIN:
01338477), Directors of the Company and Mr. Deepak Rastogi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, be and are
hereby severally authorised to file necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka at Bengaluru, and
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, including making necessary filings, submissions and intimations


314
with the Registrar of Companies, the stock exchanges and any other concerned authority, as may be necessary
or expedient to give effect to this resolution and to take all such steps as may be incidental or ancillary thereto on
behalf of the Company.”
Item No. 4: Re-Appointment of Ms. Shradha Sharma (DIN: 03557496) as an Non-Executive Independent Woman
Director of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149 and 152 read with Schedule IV and all other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Companies Act”) and the rules made thereunder, as amended
from time to time, and Regulation 16(1)(b), 17 & 25 and the other applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), as
amended from time to time, the Articles of Association of the Company, and based on the recommendation of
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Directors of the Company, Ms. Shradha
Sharma (DIN: 03557496), who was appointed as an Non-Executive Independent Woman Director of the Company
for a first term of three consecutive years commencing from December 06, 2023 and ending on December 05,
2026, and who is eligible for re-appointment for a second term and has consented to continue to act as an Non-
Executive Independent Woman Director of the Company and has submitted the requisite declaration confirming
that she meets the criteria for independence as prescribed under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations,
and in respect of whom the Company has received all requisite disclosures and declarations, be and is hereby re-
appointed as an Non Executive Independent Woman Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for
a second term of five consecutive years commencing from December 06, 2026 up to December 05, 2031, on such
terms and conditions, including payment of sitting fees, as may be determined in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, the Listing Regulations and the terms of her appointment.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal (DIN: 03287473), Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti (DIN:
01338477), Directors of the Company and Mr. Deepak Rastogi, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, be and are
hereby severally authorised to file necessary forms with the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka at Bengaluru, and
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, including making necessary filings, submissions and intimations
with the Registrar of Companies, the stock exchanges and any other concerned authority, as may be necessary
or expedient to give effect to this resolution and to take all such steps as may be incidental or ancillary thereto on
behalf of the Company.”
Item No. 5: To approve increase in authorised equity share capital of the Company and consequent alteration to
clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Company
To consider and if thought fit to pass, the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13, 61, 64 and read with Companies (Share Capital and
Debenture) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modifications, amendments thereto or re-enactment thereof, the
rules made thereunder (the “Act”), read with Memorandum of Association (“MOA”) and Articles of Association
(“AOA”) of the company and further subject to any other applicable laws and the provisions, consents, permissions
as may be required in the regard, the approval of the shareholders of the company, be and is hereby accorded to
increase in the authorised equity share capital of the Company by INR 403,37,35,570 (Indian Rupees Four Hundred
Three Crores Thirty Seven Lakhs Thirty Five Thousand Five Hundred Seventy only).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT approval of the shareholders be and is hereby accorded for the alteration of the existing
authorized Share Capital and to substitute the existing Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Company
as represented below:
Existing Clause V
INR 8318,49,98,850/- (Indian Rupees Eight Thousand Three Hundred Eighteen Crores, Forty-Nine Lakhs, Ninety-
Eight Thousand, Eight Hundred Fifty Only) divided into:
I.	479,66,26,443 (Four Hundred Seventy -Nine Crores, Sixty-Six lakhs, Twenty Six Thousand, Four Hundred Forty-
    Three) equity shares of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten Only) each;
II.	43,81,62,753 (Forty-Three Crore Eighty-One Lakh Sixty-Two Thousand Seven Hundred Fifty-Three) Series A
     preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26          315
III.	14,25,44,269 (Fourteen Crore Twenty-Five Lakh Forty-Four Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Nine) Series A1
      preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
IV.	
     8 4,70,75,656 (Eighty-Four Crore Seventy Lakh Seventy-Five Thousand Six Hundred Fifty-Six) Series B
     preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
V.	24,08,23,765 (Twenty-Four Crore Eight Lakh Twenty-Three Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-Five) Series C
    preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
VI.	4,50,44,769 (Four Crore Fifty Lakh Forty-Four Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-Nine) Series C1 preference
     shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
VII.	15,00,00,000 (Fifteen Crore) Series D Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of face value of INR 10/-
      (Indian Rupees Ten Only) each; and
VIII.	165,82,22,230 (One Hundred Sixty-Five Crore Eighty-Two Lakhs Twenty-Two Thousand Two Hundred Thirty)
       Series E preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each.
To
Altered Clause V
INR 8721,87,34,420/- (Indian Rupees Eight Thousand Seven Hundred Twenty-One Crore, Eighty Seven Lakhs, Thirty
Four Thousand, Four Hundred Twenty Only) divided into:
I.    520,00,00,000 (Five Hundred Twenty Crores) equity shares each;
II.	43,81,62,753 (Forty-Three Crore Eighty-One Lakh Sixty-Two Thousand Seven Hundred Fifty-Three) Series A
     preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
III.	14,25,44,269 (Fourteen Crore Twenty-Five Lakh Forty-Four Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Nine) Series A1
      preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
IV.	
    84,70,75,656 (Eighty-Four Crore Seventy Lakh Seventy-Five Thousand Six Hundred Fifty-Six) Series B
    preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
V.	24,08,23,765 (Twenty-Four Crore Eight Lakh Twenty-Three Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-Five) Series C
    preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
VI.	4,50,44,769 (Four Crore Fifty Lakh Forty-Four Thousand Seven Hundred Sixty-Nine) Series C1 preference
     shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each;
VII.	15,00,00,000 (Fifteen Crore) Series D Compulsorily Convertible Preference Shares of face value of INR 10/-
      (Indian Rupees Ten Only) each; and
VIII.	165,82,22,230 (One Hundred Sixty-Five Crore Eighty-Two Lakhs Twenty-Two Thousand Two Hundred Thirty)
       Series E preference shares of face value of INR 10/- (Indian Rupees Ten only) each.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the new equity shares shall rank pari-passu in all respects with the existing equity
shares of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Bhavish Aggarwal [DIN:03287473], Chairman and Managing Director of the
Company, Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti [DIN: 01338477], Director of the Company Mr. Deepak Rastogi,
Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to take all
necessary/relevant steps as may be deemed expedient by them for giving effect to this resolution, for and on behalf
of the Company including but not limited to the filing of the necessary forms, returns and such other documents as
may be required with the competent authorities as may be required and to do such other acts, deeds and matters
incidental or ancillary to the above mater on behalf of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors and/or Cheif Financial Officer and/or Company Secretary of
the Company be and is hereby severally authorised to certify a copy of this resolution and issue the same to all
concerned parties.”
ITEM NO. 6. To approve raising of funds through issuance of securities of the Company
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution:




316
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the applicable provisions of Sections 23, 42, 62(1)(c), 71 and other applicable
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), the rules made thereunder, including the Companies
(Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules,
2014, as amended from time to time, the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, as amended, and the rules and
regulations made thereunder, including the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019
and the Foreign Exchange Management (Borrowing and Lending in Rupees) Regulations, 2018, as applicable, the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992, as amended, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”), the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the
“SEBI LODR Regulations”), and all other applicable statutes, rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, circulars
and clarifications issued from time to time by the Government of India, the Reserve Bank of India, the Securities
and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”), the Registrar of Companies
(“ROC”), the stock exchanges on which the securities of the Company are listed (the “Stock Exchanges”) and/or
any other statutory, regulatory or governmental authority, whether in India or outside India, as applicable, and the
enabling provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company, and subject
to such approvals, consents, permissions and sanctions as may be necessary from SEBI, the Stock Exchanges,
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Reserve Bank of India, the Government of India and/or any other concerned
statutory, regulatory or governmental authority, and subject to such terms, conditions, modifications, alterations or
amendments as may be prescribed or imposed by any of them while granting such approvals, consents, permissions
and sanctions, which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the
“Board”, which term shall include any committee thereof duly constituted or to be constituted by the Board), the
consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to raise further capital by creation, offer, issue
and allotment of such number of equity shares of the Company and/or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for equity shares, including but not limited to fully convertible debentures, partly convertible debentures,
warrants and/or any other securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity shares, including through issue of
depository receipts, whether in registered or bearer form, including American Depository Receipts (“ADRs”), Global
Depository Receipts (“GDRs”) and/or any other securities, as may be permitted under applicable laws (collectively,
the “Securities”), in one or more tranches, for an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 1,500 Crores (Indian Rupees
One Thousand Five Hundred Crores only) or its equivalent in one or more foreign currencies, inclusive of such
premium as may be determined in accordance with applicable laws, by way of one or more permissible modes,
including a further public offer, rights issue, qualified institutions placement (“QIP”), private placement and/or any
other permissible mode or combination thereof, in such manner and on such terms and conditions, including the
issue price, face value, premium, discount, tenure, security, rate of interest, conversion terms and other terms, as
may be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, in consultation with the lead manager(s), book running
lead manager(s), merchant banker(s), placement agent(s), underwriter(s), legal counsel and/or other advisor(s),
having regard to the prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors and in accordance with applicable laws.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Securities to be created, offered, issued and allotted pursuant to this resolution
shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and shall rank
pari passu in all respects with the existing securities of the Company of the same class, as applicable, save and
except as may be provided otherwise under applicable laws and/or the terms of issue.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any issue of Securities by way of QIP in terms of Chapter VI of the SEBI
ICDR Regulations:
a.	the allotment of securities shall only be made to qualified institutional buyers as defined in the SEBI ICDR
    Regulations (‘QIBs’);
b.	the allotment of the Equity Shares, or any combination of Securities, as may be decided by the Board, shall be
    completed within 365 days from the date of passing of this special resolution or such other time as may be
    allowed under the ICDR Regulations, Companies Act, and/or applicable laws;
c.	the Securities shall not be eligible to be sold by the allottee for a period of 365 days from the date of
    allotment, except on a recognised stock exchange, or except as may be permitted from time to time under the
    ICDR Regulations;
d.	The relevant date for determination of the pricing of Eligible Securities to be issued shall be:
  y in case of allotment of Equity Shares, the date of meeting in which the Board decides to open the
    issue, and/or,


                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26         317
     y in case of allotment of eligible convertible Securities, either the date of the meeting in which the Board decides
       to open the issue of such convertible securities or the date on which the holders of such convertible securities
       become entitled to apply for the Equity Shares, as may be determined by the Board
e.	the Board may, in accordance with applicable law, also offer a discount of not more than 5% or such percentage
    as permitted under applicable law on the price calculated in accordance with the pricing formula provided
    under the ICDR Regulations;
f.	no single allottee shall be allotted more than 50% of the proposed QIP size and the minimum number of
    allottees shall be in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations;
g.     no partly paid-up Equity Shares or other Securities shall be issued/allotted;
h.	no allotment shall be made, either directly or indirectly, to any person who is a promoter or any person related
    to promoters in terms of the ICDR Regulations;
i.	the price determined for the QIP shall be subject to appropriate adjustments if the Company, pending allotment
    under this resolution:
       I.	makes an issue of Equity Shares by way of capitalisation of profits or reserves, other than by way of
           dividend on Equity Shares;
       II.   undertakes a rights issue of Equity Shares;
       III. consolidates its outstanding Equity Shares into a smaller number of Equity Shares;
       IV. divides its outstanding Equity Shares including by way of stock split;
j.	the tenure of any convertible or exchangeable securities issued through the QIP shall not exceed sixty months
    from the date of allotment; and
k.	the Company shall not undertake any subsequent QIP until the expiry of two weeks or such other time as may be
    prescribed in the ICDR Regulations, from the date of prior QIP made pursuant to one or more special resolutions.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any issue of securities shall be at such price which is not less than the price determined
in accordance with the pricing formula provided under Chapter VI of the ICDR Regulations (“QIP Floor Price”).
Furthermore, the Board may, at its absolute discretion and in consultation with the lead managers / book running
lead managers, also offer a discount of not more than 5% (five per cent) or such other percentage as may be
permitted under applicable law to the QIP Floor Price under this approval of the shareholders of the Company by
way of a special resolution.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the securities shall not be eligible to be sold by the allottee for a period of one year
from the date of allotment, except on a recognised stock exchange, or such other time except as may be allowed
under the ICDR Regulations from time to time and no single allottee shall be allotted more than fifty per cent of the
issue size and the minimum number of allottees shall be as per the ICDR Regulations. Furthermore, the tenure of
convertible or exchangeable Securities issued shall not exceed sixty months from the date of allotment
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the issue to the holders of the Securities, which are convertible into or exchangeable
with Equity Shares at a later date shall be, inter alia, subject to the following terms and conditions:
(a)	in the event the Company is making a bonus issue by way of capitalization of its profits or reserves prior to the
     allotment of the Equity Shares, the number of Equity Shares to be allotted shall stand augmented in the same
     proportion in which the equity share capital increases as a consequence of such bonus issue and the premium,
     if any, shall stand reduced pro tanto;
(b)	in the event of rights issue, merger, demerger, amalgamation, takeover or any other re- organization or
     restructuring or any such corporate action, if and as required, the number of Equity Shares, the price and the
     time period as aforesaid shall be suitably adjusted;
(c) 	in the event of consolidation and/or division of outstanding Equity Shares into smaller number of Equity Shares
      (including by way of stock split) or re-classification of the Securities into other securities and/or involvement
      in such other event or circumstances which in the opinion of concerned stock exchange requires such
      adjustments, necessary adjustments will be made; and
(d) 	the Securities to be offered and allotted shall be in dematerialized form and shall be allotted on fully paid-
      up basis.


318
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the Securities are proposed to be issued as ADRs or GDRs, the relevant
date for the purpose of pricing the Securities shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board decides to open
the issue of such Securities in accordance with the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 (including any amendment
or replacement/ substitution thereof) and other applicable pricing provisions issued by the Ministry of Finance.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event the Securities are proposed to be issued as FCCBs, the relevant date for the
purpose of pricing the Securities shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board decides to open the issue of
such Securities in accordance with the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through
Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (including any amendment or replacement/substitution thereof)
and other applicable pricing provisions issued by the Ministry of Finance.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to determine, in consultation with the lead
manager(s), book running lead manager(s), merchant banker(s), placement agent(s), underwriter(s), legal counsel
and/or other advisor(s), the terms and conditions of the issue, including the class and number of Securities to be
issued, the categories of investors to whom the Securities may be offered or allotted, the timing of the issue, issue
price, premium, discount, if any, size and structure of the issue, and all other matters relating to the issue, and to
make such reservations, if any, as may be permitted under applicable laws.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised by the members of the Company to seek the
listing of Eligible Securities on any stock exchange(s) submitting the listing applications to such stock exchange(s)
and taking all actions that maybe necessary in connection with obtaining such listing approvals (both in-principal
and final listing and trading approvals), filing of requisite documents/making declarations with the MCA, RoC, RBI,
SEBI and any other statutory/regulatory authority(ies), and any other deed(s), document(s), declaration(s) as may
be required under the applicable laws as maybe necessary to give effect to this resolution.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to appoint and remunerate lead manager(s),
book running lead manager(s), merchant banker(s), underwriter(s), depositories, custodians, registrar(s), bankers,
legal counsel, advisors and such other intermediaries, agencies and persons as may be required in connection with
the issue and to enter into and execute all such agreements, arrangements, memoranda, documents and writings
with such persons as may be necessary or desirable.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to seek the listing of the Securities issued
pursuant to this resolution on the Stock Exchanges, as applicable, and to take all necessary steps for admission of
the Securities to be issued to the depositories, credit of such Securities in dematerialised form and all other actions
incidental thereto.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolutions, the Board be and is hereby
authorized to negotiate, modify, sign, execute, register, deliver including to sign any declarations required in
connection with the private placement offer letter, information memorandum, draft prospectus, prospectus, the
draft offer document, application form, abridged prospectus, offer letter, offer document, offer circular, preliminary
placement document or placement document for issue of the Securities, term sheet, issue agreement, registrar
agreement, escrow agreement, underwriting agreement, placement agreement, consortium agreement, trustee
agreement, trust deed, subscription agreement, purchase agreement, agency agreement, agreements with the
depositories, security documents, and other necessary agreements, memorandum of understanding, deeds,
general undertaking/ indemnity, certificates, consents, communications, affidavits, applications (including those to
be filed with the regulatory authorities, if any) (the “Transaction Documents”) (whether before or after execution
of the Transaction Documents) together with all other documents, agreements, instruments, letters and writings
required in connection with, or ancillary to, the Transaction Documents (the “Ancillary Documents”) as may be
necessary or required for the aforesaid purpose including to sign and/or dispatch all forms, filings, documents
and notices to be signed, submitted and/or dispatched by it under or in connection with the documents to which
it is a party as well as to accept and execute any amendments to the Transaction Documents and the Ancillary
Documents and further to do all such other acts, deeds mentioned herein as it may deem necessary in connection
with the issue of the Securities in one or more tranches from time to time and matters connected therewith.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board or person(s) as may be authorized by the Board, be and is/are hereby
severally authorized to finalize all the terms and conditions and the structure of the proposed Securities, to do all
such acts, deeds, matters and things as it / they may in its / their absolute discretion deem necessary, desirable
or expedient including to resolve and settle any questions and difficulties that may arise in connection with the
proposed creation, offer, issue and allotment of the Securities (including in relation to the issue of such Securities
in one or more tranches from time to time) and the utilization of the issue proceeds in such manner as may be


                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26          319
determined by the Board, subject to compliance with the applicable laws, and to take such actions or give such
directions as may be necessary or desirable and to obtain any approvals, permissions, sanctions which may be
necessary or desirable, as it may deem fit or as the Board may suo moto decide in its absolute discretion in the best
interests of the Company
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the powers herein
conferred to any committee of the Board or to any director(s), officer(s) or authorised representative(s) of the
Company, as it may deem appropriate, to give effect to this resolution.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Directors and/or the Chief Financial Officer and/or the Company Secretary
of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, including
filing of necessary forms, returns and documents with the Registrar of Companies, SEBI, the Stock Exchanges,
depositories and/or any other statutory, regulatory or governmental authority, and to execute all such documents,
applications, declarations and writings as may be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for giving effect to this
resolution and to settle any questions, difficulties or doubts that may arise in relation to the issue and allotment of
the Securities.”

 By Order of the Board of Directors                         Registered Office:
 For Ola Electric Mobility Limited                          Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal
 Sd/-                                                       Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Industrial Layout,
                                                            Koramangala, Bengaluru – 560095, Karnataka, India.
 Deepak Rastogi
                                                            CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
 Chief Financial Officer
                                                            Tel: +91 80 3544 0050
 Date September 05, 2026
                                                            E-mail ID: companysecretary@olaelectric.com
                                                            Website: www.olaelectric.com

NOTES:
1. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) vide its General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, 17/2020
   dated April 13, 2020 and subsequent circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 09/2024 dated September
   19, 2024, (collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”)
   vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2020/79 dated May 12, 2020 and subsequent circulars
   issued in this regard, the latest being SEBI/HO/CFD/CFDPoD- 2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 (“SEBI
   Circulars”), have permitted companies to hold their Annual General Meeting (“AGM” or “Meeting”) through
   Video Conference (“VC”) or through Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) without the physical presence of
   Members at a common venue. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA and SEBI Circulars, applicable provisions
   of Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
   Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings
   (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“the ICSI”), the 9th AGM of the Company is
   being held through VC/OAVM on Wednesday, September 30, 2026, at 04:30 P.M (IST). The proceedings of the
   AGM are deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company situated at Wing C, Prestige RMZ
   Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Industrial Layout, Koramangala, Bengaluru –
   560095, Karnataka, India.
2. The Explanatory Statement setting out material facts concerning the business under Item Nos. 3 to 6 of the
   Notice is annexed hereto in accordance with Section 102 of the Act. Further, the relevant details with respect
   to Director seeking re-appointment at this AGM are also provided as Annexure A to the Notice of AGM which
   forms part of the Explanatory Statement, pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SS-2
   issued by the ICSI.
3. In accordance with the MCA Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report
   for Financial Year (“FY”) 2025-26 is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail
   addresses are registered with the Company/Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”)/Depository Participants
   (“DPs”). Additionally, in accordance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, a letter providing
   the web-link, including the exact path and QR code for accessing the Notice of AGM and Annual Report for
   the FY 2025-26 is also being dispatched to those Members whose e-mail addresses are not registered with
   Company/RTA/DP. The Company shall send the physical copy of Annual Report for FY 2025-26 to those
   Members who have made a request for the same, either to the RTA or the Company. Additionally, any member


320
     who desires to get a physical copy of the Annual Report 2025-26, may request for the same by sending an email
     to the Company at companysecretary@olaelectric.com mentioning their Folio No./DP ID and Client ID.
4. The Notice convening the 9th AGM, along with the Annual Report for 2025-26, will be available on the Company’s
   website at https://www.olaelectric.com/investors/investor-relations/annual-reports, websites of Stock
   Exchanges- BSE Limited (“BSE”) at www.bseindia.com and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) at
   www.nseindia.com and on the website of the National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) at www.evoting
   nsdl.com.
5. Institutional/Corporate Shareholders (i.e., other than individuals/HUF, NRI, etc.) are required to send certified
   scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of their respective Board or Governing Body Resolution/Authorization etc.,
   authorizing its representative to attend the 9th AGM on its behalf and to vote through remote e-voting. The
   said Resolution/ Authorization shall be sent to the Scrutinizer by e-mail through its registered e-mail address
   at info@bmpandco.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders/Corporate
   shareholders can also upload their Board Resolution/Power of Attorney/Authority Letter, etc. by clicking on
   “Upload Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed under “e-voting” tab in their login.
6. Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of determining the quorum
   under Section 103 of the Act.
7.   As per the provisions of Clause 3.A.II of the General Circular No. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 issued by MCA, the
     matters of Special Business as appearing at Item No. 3 & 6 of the accompanying Notice, are considered as per
     statutory requirement or are unavoidable by the Board and hence, forming part of this Notice.
8. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a Member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint
   a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need not be a Member of the Company. Since this
   AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC/OAVM, physical attendance of Members has been
   dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxy(ies) by the Members will not be available for
   this AGM and hence the Proxy Form, Attendance Slip and route map of AGM are not annexed to this Notice.
9. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as per the
   Register of Members of the Company as on Thursday, September 24,2026 (cut-off date) will be entitled to vote
   during the AGM.
10. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 30 minutes before the scheduled time of the
    commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation
    at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available to at least 1,000 Members on a first-come-first-served
    basis as per the MCA Circulars. The large Shareholders (i.e., Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),
    Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the respective Chairman of the Audit
    Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors,
    etc., shall be allowed to attend the Meeting without restriction.
11. Registrar and Transfer Agent (“RTA”): The name of the RTA changed from “Link Intime India Private Limited” to
    “MUFG Intime India Private Limited” (MUFG Intime/RTA) with effect from December 31, 2024 upon acquisition
    of Link group by Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corporation.
12. Members to intimate change in their details: Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining
    to their name, postal address, e-mail ID, telephone/mobile no., PAN, mandates, choice of nominations, power
    of attorney, bank details viz., name of the bank and branch details, bank account, MICR code, IFSC code, etc.
    a. For shares held in electronic mode: to their DPs
     b
      .F
         or shares held in physical mode: to the Company/RTA in prescribed Form ISR-1 and other forms. [SEBI
        Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/SECFATF/P/CIR/2023/169 dated October 12, 2023]
	The facility for making nomination is available for the Members in respect of the shares held by them. Members
   who have not yet registered their nomination are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-
   13. [Section 72 of the Act]
If a Member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he/she may submit
the same in Form ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. Members are requested to submit the said details to their DP
in case the shares are held by them in dematerialized form and to RTA in case the shares are held in physical form.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025-26         321
13. Dematerialization of shares: SEBI has mandated the Listed Companies to process service requests# for
    issue of securities in dematerialized form only, subject to folio being KYC compliant. Accordingly, Members
    are requested to submit duly filled and signed Form ISR-4. The Form is available on the website of RTA at
    https://in.mpms.mufg.com/. [SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/CIR/2024/37 dated May 7, 2024]

      #Request for issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account;
      renewal/exchange of securities certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities
      certificate; consolidation of securities certificates/ folios; transmission and transposition.

      Transfer, transmission and transposition of securities shall be effected only in dematerialized form. In view of the
      same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialization,
      Members are advised to dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form. Members can contact the
      Company/RTA for assistance in this regard. [Regulation 40(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations].
14. Members seeking any information with regard to the financial statements or any other matters to be placed at
    the AGM are requested to write to the Company at companysecretary@olaelectric.com from their registered
    e-mail ID, mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID/Folio No. The same will be replied by the Company suitably.
15. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170
    of the Act, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested, maintained under
    Section 189 of the Act and the certificates from CS Komal S Shrimankar (ACS No.: 47702 CP No.: 27905) Partner
    of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries, in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board
    of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 shall be available electronically
    for inspection by the members during the AGM. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an
    email to companysecretary@olaelectric.com.
16. Documents referred to in the accompanying Notice of the AGM and the Explanatory Statement shall be available
    for inspection by the members at the Registered Office of the Company, without any fee, during business hours
    (i.e. from 9:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. IST) on all working days (except Saturday) up to and including the date of
    the AGM.
17. Dispute Resolution: SEBI has established a common Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) Portal vide its Master
    Circular No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_ IAD- 1/P/CIR/2023/145 dated August 11, 2023, which is in addition to the
    existing SCORES 2.0 portal which can be utilized by the investors and the Company for dispute resolution.
    Please note that the investors are advised to initiate dispute resolution through the ODR portal only if the
    Company does not resolve the issue itself or it is not resolved through SCORES 2.0 portal.
18. Instructions for e-voting and joining the AGM are as follows:
(A) VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS
	i.	The Members are provided with the facility to cast their vote electronically, through the e-voting services
      provided by NSDL, on all the resolutions set forth in this Notice. [Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule
      20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time,
      Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242
      dated December 9, 2020 in relation to “e-voting Facility Provided by Listed Entities”]
	ii.	The remote e-voting period commences on Sunday, September, 27 2026 from 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends
       on, Tuesday, September 29, 2026 till 5.00 p.m. (IST). During this period, Members holding shares either in
       physical form or in dematerialized form, as on Thursday, September 24, 2026 i.e. cut-off date, may cast
       their vote electronically.
		The e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. Members have the option to cast
   their vote on any of the resolutions using the remote e-voting facility, either during the period commencing
   from Sunday, September, 27, 2026 to Tuesday, September 29, 2026 or e-voting during the AGM. Members
   who have voted on some of the resolutions during the said voting period are also eligible to vote on the
   remaining resolutions during the AGM.
iii.	Members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend/ participate in the
      AGM through VC/OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote on such resolution again.




322
iv.	The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the
     Company as on the cut-off date.
v.	The Board has appointed Mr. Pramod SM (FCS No.: 7834 CP No.: 13784) or in his absence Mr. Biswajit Ghosh
    (FCS: 8750, CP No.: 8239), Partners of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, Practicing Company Secretaries, as the Scrutinizer
    to scrutinize the Voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
vi.	The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting at the AGM, unblock the votes cast through
     remote e-voting (votes cast during the AGM and votes cast through remote e-voting) and will submit a
     consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person
     authorised by him in writing. The results will be announced on or before Friday, October 02, 2026.
vii.	The result declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website https://
      www.olaelectric.com/ and on the website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately. The Company shall
      simultaneously forward the results to NSE and BSE, where the shares of the Company are listed.
viii.	Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on the date of
       AGM i.e., Wednesday, September 30, 2026.
ix.	Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the
     Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-
     off date, may obtain the User ID and Password by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com. However, if he/she
     is already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting then he/ she can use his/her existing User ID and Password
     for casting the vote.
	In case of individual shareholders holding securities in dematerialized mode and who acquires shares of the
  Company and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the
  cut-off date may follow steps mentioned under “Login method for remote e-voting and joining virtual meeting
  for individual shareholders holding securities in dematerialized mode.
x.   The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system consists of “Two Steps” as mentioned below:
     Step 1: Login for e-voting system
     Step 2: Casting of votes for Resolutions
     Details on Step 1 (Login for e-voting system) are mentioned below:
I) Login method for remote e-voting and joining the virtual meeting for individual shareholders holding securities
     in dematerialized mode
 ursuant to SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/ 2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, on “e-voting facility
P
provided by Listed Entities”, e-voting process has been enabled to all the individual demat account holders, by way
of single login credential, through their demat accounts/ websites of Depositories/DPs to increase the efficiency
of the voting process. Individual demat account holders would be able to cast their vote without having to register
again with the e-voting service provider (“ESP”) thereby not only facilitating seamless authentication but also ease
and convenience of participating in e-voting process. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and
e-mail ID with their DPs to access e-voting facility.
Login method for Individual Shareholders holding securities in dematerialized mode is given below:
Login Method
For Individual Shareholders holding securities in dematerialized mode with NSDL:
A. OTP based login
1. 1. For OTP based login click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp
2. Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, Verification code and generate OTP.
3. Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/mobile number and click on login.
4. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-voting page.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26           323
5. Click on Company name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website
   of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting and voting during
   the meeting.
B. NSDL IDeAS facility
If you are already registered, follow the below steps
1. Visit the e-Services website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.
   com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is
   available under “IDeAS” section.
3. A new screen will open. You will need to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you
   will be able to see e-voting services.
4. Click on “Access to e-voting” appearing on the left-hand side under e-voting services and you will be able to see
   e-voting page.
5. Click on options available against Company name or e-Voting service provider - NSDL and you will be re-directed
   to NSDL e-voting website for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting and
   e-voting during the meeting.
If you are not registered, follow the below steps
a. Option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.
b. Select “Register Online for IDeAS” Portal or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
c. Please follow steps given above in points 1-5.
C. e-voting website of NSDL
1.    Open web browser and type the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a personal computer
      or on a mobile phone.
2.    Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under
      ‘Shareholder/ Member’ section.
3.    A new screen will open. You will need to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number held
      with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
4.    After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL website wherein you can see e-voting page.
      Click on options available against Company name or e-voting service provider - NSDL and you will be redirected
      to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting
      and e-voting during the meeting.
D. NSDL Speede
Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the              QR code
mentioned below for seamless voting experience




For Individual Shareholders holding securities in dematerialized mode with CDSL:
1.    Users who have opted for CDSL Easi/Easiest facility, can login through their existing User ID and Password.
      Option will be made available to reach e-voting page without any further authentication. The users who login
      to Easi/Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System
      Myeasi Tab and then use the existing my easi username & password.



324
2.   After successful login the Easi/Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for eligible companies where
     the e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by the Company. On clicking the e-voting option, the
     user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote
     e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided
     to access the system of all e-voting service providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’
     website directly.
3.   If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at www.cdslindia.com and click on
     login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4.   Alternatively, the user can directly access the e-Voting page by providing their Demat Account Number and
     PAN through the e-Voting link available on the homepage of www.cdslindia.com. The system will authenticate
     the user by sending an OTP to the registered mobile number and e-mail ID as recorded in the Demat account.
     After successful authentication, the user will be able to view the ongoing e-Voting options and also directly
     access the platforms of all e-Voting service providers.
For Individual Shareholders (holding securities in demat mode) login through their DPs
1.   You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your DP registered with NSDL/
     CDSL for e-voting facility.
2.   Once logged-in, you will be able to see the e-voting option. Once you click on e-voting option, you will be
     redirected to NSDL/ CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-voting feature.
3.   Click on options available against Company name or e-voting service provider - NSDL and you will be redirected
     to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting
     and e-voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/Password are advised to use Forgot User ID and
Forgot Password option available at respective websites.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any issues related to login through
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.

 Login type                               Helpdesk details
 Securities held with NSDL                Members facing any issue in login can contact NSDL
                                          helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com
                                          or call at +91 22 48867000
 Securities held with CDSL                Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a
                                          request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com
                                          or contact at toll free no. 1800 21 09911

II) Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual Shareholders
    holding securities in demat mode and for Shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
How to log-in to the NSDL e-Voting website?
1. Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by clicking the URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
   either on a personal computer or on a mobile.
2. Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under
   “Shareholder/Member” section.



 Manner of holding shares i.e.            Your User ID is:
 Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
 a) For Members who hold shares in       8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
     demat account with NSDL.             For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your
                                          user ID is IN300***12******.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26          325
 b) For Members who hold shares in       16 Digit Beneficiary ID
     demat account with CDSL.             For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is
                                          12**************
 c) 
    For Members holding shares in EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
    Physical Form.                For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is
                                  101456001***

3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, Password/OTP and a verification code as shown on
   the screen.
4. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL e-services i.e. IDeAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
   with your existing IDeAS login. Once you login to NSDL e-services after using your login credentials, click on
   e-voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
5. Your User ID details are given below:
6. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
a)    If you are already registered for e-voting, then you can use your existing password to login and cast your vote.
b)	If you are using NSDL e-voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which
    was communicated to you by NSDL. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial
    password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
c)    How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
i.   If your e-mail ID is registered in your demat account or with the Company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated
to you on your e-mail ID. Trace the e-mail sent to you from NSDL in your mailbox from evoting@nsdl.com. Open the
e-mail and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit
client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form.
The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
ii. In case you have not registered your e-mail address with the Company/Depository, please follow instructions
mentioned below in this Notice.
7.    If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
	a.	Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”
      (If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on
      www.evoting.nsdl.com.
      b.	“Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on
          www.evoting.nsdl.com.
      c.	
         If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at
         evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, PAN, name and
         registered address.
      d.   Members can also use the OTP based login for casting the votes on the e-voting system of NSDL.
8. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
9. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
10. After you click on the “Login” button, home page of e-voting will open.


Details on Step 2 (Casting of votes for Resolutions) are mentioned below:
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies’ “EVEN” in which you are holding shares
   and whose voting cycle and general meeting is in active status.




326
2. Select “EVEN” of Company, which is 142381 for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-voting
   period and casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/
   OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the voting page opens.
4.   Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify or modify the number of shares for
     which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed and you will receive a confirmation
   by way of a SMS on your registered mobile number
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.   Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep
   your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to
   key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?”
   or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on https://www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
2. In case of any queries related to e-voting, you may refer the FAQs for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for
   Shareholders available at the download section of https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on +91 22 48867000 or
   send the request to Mr. Falguni Chakraborty at evoting@nsdl.com.
3. Members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring User ID and password for e-voting by
   providing demat account number/Folio number, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN
   (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), Aadhaar (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar Card). If you are
   an Individual shareholder holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method
   explained above.
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id and
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1.   In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the
     share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned
     copy of Aadhar Card) by email to companysecretary@olaelectric.com.
2.   In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary
     ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN
     card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to companysecretary@olaelectric.com. If you are
     an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method
     explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders
     holding securities in demat mode.
3.   Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and
     password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4.   In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual
     shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained
     with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and
     email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1.   The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote
     e-voting.
2.   Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not
     casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall
     be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3.   Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not
     be eligible to vote at the AGM.


                                                                                   Annual Report 2025-26          327
4.    The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on
      the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
(B) INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system.
   Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After
   successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You
   are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available
   in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note that the members who
   do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the
   same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2. Members are encouraged to join the meeting through laptops for better experience.
3. Further, members will be required to allow camera access and use internet connection with good speed to
   avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
4. Please note that participants connecting from mobile devices or tablets or through laptop connecting via
   mobile hotspot may experience audio/video loss due to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore
   recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Registration as speaker shareholder: Members who would like to express their views or ask questions during the
   AGM may register themselves as a speaker by sending their request from their registered e-mail ID mentioning
   their name, DP ID and Client ID/Folio number, PAN, mobile number at companysecretary@olaelectric.com from
   Friday, September 25, 2026 (9:00 a.m. IST) to Sunday, September 27, 2026 (5:00 p.m. IST). Those members who
   have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the
   AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time
   for the AGM.
6. Members who need assistance before or during the meeting, can contact NSDL on evoting@nsdl.com or +91
   22 48867000 or contact Mr. Falguni Chakraborty at evoting@nsdl.com.

 By Order of the Board of Directors                        Registered Office:
 For Ola Electric Mobility Limited                         Wing C, Prestige RMZ Startech, Hosur Road, Municipal
                                                           Ward No.67, Municipal No. 140, Industrial Layout,
 Sd/-
                                                           Koramangala, Bengaluru – 560095, Karnataka, India.
 Deepak Rastogi
                                                           CIN: L74999KA2017PLC099619
 Chief Financial Officer
                                                           Tel: +91 80 3544 0050
 Date: September 5, 2026
                                                           E-mail ID: companysecretary@olaelectric.com
                                                           Website: www.olaelectric.com

Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013
Item No. 3:
Pursuant to the approval accorded by the members of the Company vide resolution dated December 08, 2023,
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli (DIN: 00162071) is holding the office of Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company
and his first term as an Non-Executive Independent Director is ending on December 05, 2026.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) of the company, on the basis of the report of performance
evaluation, has recommended the re-appointment of Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli as an Non-Executive Independent
Director for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from December 06, 2026 up to December 05,
2031 to the Board of Directors of the Company.
Basis to the performance evaluation, the professional background, experience, contribution during his tenure and
on the recommendation of NRC, the Board of Directors at their meeting held on September 05, 2026 have approved
the continuance as an Non-Executive Independent Director. Accordingly, it is proposed before the members to re-
appoint Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli (DIN:00162071) as an Non Executive Independent Director of the Company, not
liable to retire by rotation, for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years.


328
Brief Profile:
Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce (honours) and a master’s degree in business
administration from the University of Delhi. He has also received a diploma in training and development from the
Indian Society for Training and Development and a post-graduate diploma in personnel management from the New
Delhi YMCA, Institute of Management Studies. He was previously associated with Soft Bank Group International as
country head and Bharti Enterprises Limited as the Managing Director. He was awarded the Business Leadership
Award in 2008 and 2009.
The complete profile of the proposed director is available on the website of the Company at https://www.olaelectric.
com/investor-relations/directors-profile
Disclosures and confirmations:
The Company has also received, inter-alia, the following disclosures/ declarations:
y   A notice under Section 160 of the Act proposing candidature of Independent Directors;
y   Consent in writing for re-appointment for second (2nd) term;
y   Intimation in Form DIR-8 to the effect that they are not disqualified from being re-appointed as Independent
    directors in terms of section 164 of the Act;
y   Confirmation that they are neither disqualified nor debarred from holding the office of director under the Act or
    pursuant to any order issued by SEBI or any such other authority;
y   Confirmation that they meet criteria of Independence
y   there is no inter-se relationship; and
y   the Independent Directors do not hold any shares in the Company
A copy of the draft letter of appointment of Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli as an Independent Director for the second term
setting out the terms and conditions shall be placed at the meeting for inspection by the members and shall also be
available for inspection at the registered office / corporate office of the Company during business hours.
Further, as the roles and responsibilities of Independent Directors demands greater involvement in the supervision
of the Company, in this regards it is proposed that Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli be paid sitting fees, within the limits
prescribed under the Act and Rules thereunder and as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company,
for attending the meeting(s) of the Board or any Committee thereof and reimbursement of any expenses for
participation in the board and other meetings.
Other disclosures as required as per Regulation 36 and Secretarial Standards 2 are given in a tabular format
(Annexure-A) below, which forms part of this notice.
Pursuant to Section 149 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), re-appointment of Independent Director
requires approval by members through a special resolution. Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(1C)
of Listing Regulations, approval of members for re-appointment is required to be obtained at the next general
meeting or within three months of the re-appointment, whichever is earlier.
Based on the recommendation of NRC, the Board recommends the resolution as set out in item no. 3 for approval
of the members as a special resolution. Except for Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli and/ or their relatives, no other Directors,
Key Managerial Personnel, or their respective relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or
otherwise, in the said resolution(s)
Item No. 4:
Pursuant to the approval accorded by the members of the Company vide resolution dated December 8, 2023,
Ms. Shradha Sharma (DIN: 03557496) is holding the office of Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company
and her first term ends on December 05, 2026.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (‘NRC’) of the Company, on the basis of the report of performance
evaluation, has recommended the re-appointment of Ms. Shradha Sharma as an Non-Executive Independent




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025-26          329
Director for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from December 06, 2026 up to December 05,
2031on the Board of Directors of the Company.
Basis to the performance evaluation, the professional background, experience, contribution during her tenure and
on the recommendation of NRC the Board of Directors at their meeting held on September 5, 2026 have approved
the continuance as an Non-Executive Independent Director. Accordingly, it is proposed before the members to re-
appoint Ms. Shradha Sharma (DIN: 03557496) as an Non Executive Independent Director of the Company, not liable
to retire by rotation, for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years.
Brief Profile:
Ms. Shradha Sharma holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree in arts and history from St. Stephen’s College, Delhi.
She has also received a post-graduate certificate in design communications management from the Mudra Institute
of Communications, Ahmedabad. She was previously associated with Times of India as Brand Advisor and CNBC TV
18 as Assistant Vice President. She is a co-chair of India S20 initiative under India G20 Presidency, and a member of
the National Startup Advisory Council.
The complete profile of the proposed director is available on the website of the Company at https://www.olaelectric.
com/investor-relations/directors-profile
Disclosures and confirmations:
The Company has also received, inter-alia, the following disclosures/ declarations:
y     A notice under Section 160 of the Act proposing candidature of Independent Directors;
y     Consent in writing for re-appointment for second (2nd) term;
y     Intimation in Form DIR-8 to the effect that they are not disqualified from being re-appointed as Independent
      directors in terms of section 164 of the Act;
y     Confirmation that they are neither disqualified nor debarred from holding the office of director under the Act or
      pursuant to any order issued by SEBI or any such other authority;
y     Confirmation that they meet criteria of Independence and there is no inter-se relationship; and
y     The Independent Directors do not hold any shares in the Company
A copy of the draft letter of appointment of Ms. Shradha Sharma as an Non-Executive Independent Woman Director
for the second term setting out the terms and conditions shall be placed at the meeting for inspection by the
members and shall also be available for inspection at the registered office / corporate office of the Company during
business hours.
Further, as the roles and responsibilities of Independent Directors demands greater involvement in the supervision
of the Company, in this regards it is proposed that the Ms. Shradha Sharma be paid sitting fees, within the limits
prescribed under the Act and Rules thereunder and as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company,
for attending the meeting(s) of the Board or any Committee thereof and reimbursement of any expenses for
participation in the board and other meetings.
Other disclosures as required as per Regulation 33 and Secretarial Standards 2 are given in a tabular format
(Annexure-A) below, which forms part of this notice.
Pursuant to Section 149 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), re-appointment of Independent Director
requires approval by members through a special resolution. Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 17(1C)
of Listing Regulations, approval of members for re-appointment is required to be obtained at the next general
meeting or within three months of the re-appointment, whichever is earlier.
Based on the recommendation of NRC, the Board recommends the resolution as set out in item no. 4 for approval of
the members as a special resolution. Except for Ms. Shradha Sharma and/ or their relatives, no other Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel, or their respective relatives are in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise,
in the said resolution(s)
Item No. 5:
To cater to the long-term growth strategies, business expansion plans, ongoing working capital requirements and
company’s proposal to raise additional capital up to an aggregate amount not exceeding INR 1,500 Crore (Rupees


330
One Thousand Five Hundred Crores only) or its equivalent in foreign currency through issuance and allotment of
equity shares and/or securities convertible into or exchangeable for equity shares, including but not limited to fully
convertible debentures, partly convertible debentures, warrants and/or any other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for equity shares.
To facilitate this capital raise, the existing Authorised Share Capital of the Company needs to be increased from
INR 8318,49,98,850 (Rupees Eight Thousand Three Hundred Eighteen Crores, Forty-Nine Lakhs, Ninety-Eight
Thousand, Eight Hundred Fifty Only) to INR 8721,87,34,420/- (Indian Rupees Eight Thousand Seven Hundred
Twenty-One Crore, Eighty Seven Lakhs, Thirty Four Thousand, Four Hundred Twenty Only).
Consequent to increase in authorised share capital as proposed, the existing Clause V of Memorandum of
Association of the Company will also have to be replaced accordingly. A draft copy of the amended MoA shall also
be made available for inspection electronically upto the date of the meeting and any member seeking to inspect
can send an email to: companysecretary@olaelectric.com.
Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company (“Board”), at its meeting held on September 5, 2026, has, subject
to approval of the members, approved the aforesaid proposal to increase the authorized equity share capital of the
Company and consequent amendment in the Clause V of the MoA so as to reflect the increased authorized share
capital as more particularly set out in Item No. 5 of the Notice.
In terms of the provisions of Sections 13, 61 and 64 of the Act read with applicable rules framed thereunder and
other applicable laws, the proposed increase in the authorized share capital and the consequent alteration of the
MoA is required to be approved by the members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
None of the directors or key managerial personnel of the Company and/or their relatives are in any way concerned
or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at Item No. 5 of the Notice, except to the extent of
their shareholding in the Company, if any.
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth in Item No. 5 of the Notice to the members
of the Company for their consideration and approval.
Item No. 6:
The electric vehicle industry offers significant opportunities for growth, supported by the transition towards electric
mobility and continued development of vehicle and battery technologies. Capturing these opportunities requires
sustained investment in product development, manufacturing capabilities, supply chains and customer service,
together with a disciplined approach to costs and capital deployment. In this context, the Company considers it
prudent to maintain the financial flexibility to support its business priorities and respond to growth opportunities
as they arise.
The Company’s strategy is focused on profitable growth, stronger operating efficiency and vertical integration,
including in-house cell manufacturing and the development of key electric vehicle technologies. Its capital allocation
priorities include strengthening the balance sheet, supporting its automotive and cell businesses, investing in
product development and meeting working capital requirements, while maintaining its focus on achieving EBITDA
and cash flow breakeven.
To support these objectives, the shareholders had, in October 2025, approved an enabling authorisation to raise
funds aggregating up to ₨1,500 crore through permissible modes, including a qualified institutional placement
(“QIP”), valid for a period of one year. Pursuant to this authorisation, the Company raised approximately INR 790
crore through a QIP in June 2026.
With the existing authorisation approaching the end of its validity, the Company proposes to obtain a fresh enabling
approval to retain flexibility to raise further capital, based on its funding requirements, prevailing market conditions
and available growth opportunities. Accordingly, approval of the members is now being sought, by way of a special
resolution, to raise funds aggregating up to INR 1,500 crore, in one or more tranches, through the permissible
modes set out in the resolution, for a period of one year (365 days) from the date of passing of the special resolution,
subject to applicable laws.
The timing, amount and mode of any fund-raising will be determined by the Board or its duly authorised committee,
taking into account the Company’s requirements and prevailing market conditions.
The Board, accordingly, at their meeting held on September 5, 2026 has recommended to the shareholders to give
their consent through special resolution to the Board or any Committee of the Board to raise funds through issuance


                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26           331
of such number of fully paid-up Equity Shares, and/or convertible securities (including warrants, or otherwise,
in registered or bearer form, ADRs, GDRs, amongst others, as applicable (“Securities”) as may be appropriate
to persons who may or may not be the existing shareholders through further public offer, rights issue, qualified
institutional placement (“QIP”), private placement and/ or any other permitted modes at a price to be determined
as per the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, as
amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations”) or as per other applicable rules and regulations, for raising of the funds
aggregating up to INR 1500 crores, or its equivalent in any other currency(ies), within one year (365 days) from the
date of passing of the special resolution including, under section 42 read with sections 62 and 179 of the Companies
Act, 2013, as amended or any other applicable laws. While no specific instrument or instruments of Securities has
been identified at this stage, the exact combination of the Securities to be issued, issue price, timing and detailed
terms and conditions of issuance etc. shall be finalized by the Board, in consultation with lead managers/ merchant
bankers, legal advisors and such other authorities and intermediaries, as may be required to be consulted by the
Company in due considerations of prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors and in the best interest
of the Company.
Such issue shall be subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended and rules made there under
from time to time, the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, SEBI ICDR Regulations (to the
extent applicable) and other applicable laws. The Company proposes to utilize the proceeds from the offering (after
adjustment of expenses related to the offering, if any) at various stages for one or more, or any combination of
the following:
(i)   investment in various organic or inorganic growth opportunities, including expansion in its area of operations
       and adjacencies or for new business opportunities or other strategic initiatives, such as:
(a) ramping up of the cell business,
(b) expanding to battery energy storage systems,
(c) capitalise on demand and deepen sales and strengthen the post sales production,
(d) invest into new product development, and any other organic and inorganic initiatives;
(ii) infusion of funds into its subsidiaries to *inter alia *fund the business or growth of such subsidiaries;
(iii) prepayment / repayment of outstanding borrowing of the Company and / or its subsidiaries;
(iv) to fund the working capital requirements of the Company and / or its subsidiaries;
(v) capital expenditure (including but not limited to purchase of machines) for the Company and / or its subsidiaries;
(vi) 	to fund the capital expenditure to be incurred for any manufacturing facilities being set up or to be set up by
       the Company and / or its Subsidiaries (present or future) in India or overseas and
(vii) 	any other general corporate purposes as may be permitted under applicable laws and as may be decided by
       the Board or the duly constituted committee thereof.
The proposed/actual utilization/deployment of proceeds will be in the manner and as determined by the Board or
its duly constituted committee at its discretion and in accordance with the applicable laws.
The Company has a clear capital allocation outline aimed at:
(i)	prudent deployment of funds released from recent internal rationalisation measures and the proposed fund
     raise proceeds;
(ii) ensuring Company is fully funded, with clear visibility towards achieving EBITDA and cash breakeven;
(iii) 	enhancing financial resilience through a robust general corporate purpose (GCP) reserve, enabling flexibility
        for opportunistic organic growth initiatives.
The details for deployment of funds will be specifically mentioned in the preliminary placement document/
placement document or other requisite offer document in terms of applicable circulars of BSE and NSE, in this
regard. Pending utilisation of the proceeds from the proposed fund raise, the Company shall be used for such
interim use as specified in the preliminary placement document/ placement document or other requisite offer
document in terms of applicable circulars of BSE and NSE, and applicable law. The enabling resolution is proposed
to be passed as a special resolution. The said resolution, if passed, shall have the effect of allowing the Board on
behalf of the Company to issue and allot the securities on pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders or otherwise.


332
In such cases where the Company undertakes a QIP for the proposed fund raise, certain terms of the proposed fund
raise, in the manner as set out in the resolution vide agenda item no. 6 of this Notice, would be as under:
(i)	the allotment of Securities shall only be made to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”) as defined under SEBI
     ICDR Regulations;
(ii) 	the allotment of the Securities shall be completed within 365 days from the date of passing of the special
       resolution in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and applicable laws;
(iii) 	a minimum of 10% of the Securities shall be allotted to mutual funds and if mutual funds do not subscribe to
        the aforesaid minimum percentage or part thereof, such minimum portion may be allotted to other QIBs;
(iv) the floor price will be calculated as per the formula prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations;
(v) 	the “relevant date” for the purposes of pricing of the Securities to be issued and allotted in the proposed QIP
      shall be the date of the meeting in which the Board or a duly authorised committee thereof decides to open the
      proposed QIP, in a case where equity shares are the eligible securities; and in case eligible securities are eligible
      convertible securities, then either the date of the meeting in which the Board or a duly authorized committee
      of the Board decides to open the proposed issue or the date on which the holders of such eligible convertible
      securities become entitled to apply for the equity shares as provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations;
(vi) 	an issuer shall be eligible to make a qualified institutions placement if any of its promoters or directors is not a
       fugitive economic offender;
(vii) 	no single allottee shall be allotted more than 50% of the QIP size and the minimum number of allottees shall be
       in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. It is clarified that qualified institutional buyers belonging to the
       same group or who are under same control shall be deemed to be a single allottee;
(viii)	the Securities to be offered and allotted shall be in dematerialized form and shall be allotted on fully paid
       up basis;
(ix) 	the Securities allotted shall not be eligible for sale by the allottee for a period of one year from the date of
       allotment, except on a recognized stock exchange, or except as may be permitted from time to time;
(x) the schedule of the QIP will be as determined by the Board or its duly authorized committee; and
(xi)	The Company shall not undertake any subsequent QIP until the expiry of two weeks from the date of the QIP
      to be undertaken pursuant to the special resolution passed at this meeting. In the event of a QIP pricing of the
      Equity Shares that may be issued to QIBs shall be freely determined subject to such price not being less than
      floor price calculated in accordance with Chapter VI of the SEBI… SEBI ICDR Regulations, provided that the
      Company may offer a discount not exceeding 5% of the floor price or such other permissible limit as may be
      specified under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(xii)	the credit rating agency will monitor the use of proceeds and submit its report in the specified format of
       Schedule XI of SEBI ICDR Regulations on quarterly basis till hundred percent of the proceeds have been utilized,
       in case the Issue size exceeds Rs. 100 Crores (Rupees One Hundred Crores).
The detailed terms and conditions for the Issue will be determined in consultation with the Advisors and Lead
Managers and such other authority or authorities as may be required, considering the prevailing market conditions
and other applicable regulatory requirements. Further, Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 provides, inter
alia, that when it is proposed to increase the issued capital of a company by allotment of further Securities, as
applicable, such further Securities, as applicable shall be offered to the existing members of such company and
to any persons other than the existing members of the company by way of a special resolution. Since the special
resolution proposed in the notice may result in the issuance of Securities of the Company to the existing members
of the Company and to persons other than existing members of the Company, approval of the members of the
Company is being sought pursuant to the provisions of Section 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions of the Act
as well as applicable rules notified by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and in terms of the provisions of SEBI ICDR
Regulations. In terms of Section 42 of Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 14(1) of the Companies (Prospectus
and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, a company can make a private placement of its securities under the
Companies Act, 2013 only after receipt of prior approval of its members by way of a Special Resolution. Consent
of the members would therefore be necessary pursuant to the aforementioned provisions of the Companies Act,
2013 read with applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations (to the extent applicable) and the Securities




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025-26           333
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR
Regulations”), for issuance of Securities.
The details such as valuation, identity of the proposed allottees and pre and post-Issue shareholding pattern are
currently not ascertainable and such details as required under SEBI ICDR Regulations and applicable laws will be
made available by the Company. Further the Issue will be made at a price strictly in accordance with applicable laws.
The Securities, as applicable, allotted pursuant to the issue shall rank in all respects pari passu with the existing
Securities of the Company. The Securities, as applicable, to be allotted would be listed on the Stock Exchanges.
The offer/issue/allotment would be subject to the availability of the regulatory approvals, if any. As and when the
Board does take a decision on matters on which it has the discretion, necessary disclosures will be made to the
Stock Exchanges as may be required under the provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations.
Additionally, if consultation with the advisors and lead managers and such other authority, the Company decides
to undertake a QIP the Board may, in their discretion, adopt this mechanism as prescribed under Chapter VI of the
SEBI ICDR Regulations for raising funds for the Company, without seeking fresh approval from the shareholders.
Maximum Amount to be raised/ number of Securities to be Issued: The total amount to be raised, in one or more
tranches, by issuance of Securities through any of the modes or combination thereof as mentioned in the resolution
would be aggregating up to INR 1500 crores (upto Rupees Fifteen Hundred Crores Only), or its equivalent in any
other currency(ies).
The issue of Securities may be consummated through single or multiple offer documents, in one or more tranches,
at such time or times, at such price, at a discount or premium to market price in such manner and on such terms
and conditions as the Board or its duly constituted committee may in its absolute discretion decide taking into
consideration prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors and wherever necessary in consultation
with the lead managers/ merchant bankers and other agencies and subject to the relevant regulations and other
applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, in accordance with applicable law.
Pricing: The pricing would be arrived at by the Board, depending on market conditions and in accordance with
the SEBI ICDR Regulations, or other applicable laws. In the event of a QIP, pricing of the Equity Shares that may
be issued to QIBs shall be freely determined subject to such price not being less than floor price calculated in
accordance with Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, provided that the Company may offer a discount not
exceeding 5% of the floor price or such other permissible limit as may be specified under Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR
Regulations. Since, the pricing and other terms of the QIP will be decided at a later stage, an enabling resolution is
being proposed to give adequate flexibility and discretion to the Board or its duly authorised committee to finalize
the terms of the securities that may be issued to the qualified institutional buyers in the QIP. The pricing shall be
freely determined subject to such price not being less than the price calculated in accordance with Chapter VI of
the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Relevant Date: The relevant date for determining the issue price of the Securities by way of QIP, subject to and in
accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations be:
a. in case of allotment of Equity Shares in a QIP, the date of meeting in which the Board decides to open the proposed
issue, and/ or;
b. in case of allotment of eligible convertible securities in a QIP, either the date of the meeting in which the Board
decides to open the issue of such convertible Securities or the date on which the holders of such convertible
Securities become entitled to apply for the Equity Shares, as may be determined by the Board.
Change in Control: There would be no change in control pursuant to the said issue of Securities.
Listing: The Securities to be issued will be listed on one or more recognized stock exchanges in India and/ or abroad.
Class or Classes of persons to whom the Securities will be offered: The Securities will be offered and issued to such
Investors including QIBs who are eligible to acquire such Securities in accordance with the applicable laws, rules
regulations and guidelines. The proposed allottees may be resident of India or abroad and whether or not such
persons are members.
Intention of the Promoter, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or Senior Management: The Promoter, Directors,
KMPs or Senior Management shall not be eligible to subscribe to the proposed issue of Securities, except in
accordance with Applicable Laws.




334
Transferability of Securities: The Securities shall not be eligible to be sold for a period of one year from the date
of allotment, except on the recognized Stock Exchanges, or except as may be permitted under the SEBI ICDR
Regulations from time to time.
Proposed time within which the allotment shall be completed: The fresh fund-raising authorisation shall be valid
for one year (365 days) from the date of passing of the special resolution set out at item no. 6 of this Notice, subject
to applicable laws. In case of the QIP, the allotment of the Securities shall be completed within a period of 365 days
from the date of passing of resolution set out at item no. 6 of this Notice.
The allotment to a single QIB in the proposed QIP issue will not exceed 50% of the total issue size or such other limit
as may be permitted under applicable law. The detailed terms and conditions for the offer will be determined in
consultation with the legal advisors, lead managers/ merchant bankers and such other authority or authorities as
may be required, considering the prevailing market conditions and other regulatory requirements for various types
of issues including rights issue or QIP.
The Equity Shares that may be created, offered, issued and allotted by the Company through QIP shall rank pari-
passu in all respects with the existing Equity Shares of the Company, including entitlement to dividend. The Equity
Shares to be allotted would be listed on the stock exchanges where the Equity Shares of the Company are listed.
The offer, issue and allotment of Equity Shares through QIP would be subject to the receipt of the regulatory
approvals, if any. The Company is yet to identify the investor(s) and decide the quantum of Securities to be issued
to them. Hence, the details of the proposed allottees, percentage of post issue of Securities that may be held by
them and other details are not available at this point of time and shall be disclosed by the Company under the
applicable regulations in due course (at appropriate time and mode). Accordingly, it is proposed to authorize the
Board to identify the investor(s), issue such number of Securities, negotiate, finalize and execute such documents
and agreements as may be required and do all such acts, deeds and things in this regard for and on behalf of
the Company.
The consent of the shareholders is being sought pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013,
including section 23, 42, 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder; the provisions of the SEBI
LODR Regulations, SEBI ICDR Regulations (including Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations), each as amended.
This Special Resolution, if passed, will have the effect of allowing the Board to offer, issue and allot Securities to
investors who may or may not be the existing shareholders of the Company.
The Board has approved the Issue pursuant to its resolution dated September 5, 2026. The Board, accordingly,
recommends passing of the resolution as set out at item no. 6 of this Notice for the approval of the members as
special resolution. In terms of Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, it is submitted that none of the Directors,
Key Managerial Personnel or Senior Management of the Company or their relatives is, whether directly or indirectly,
concerned or interested, financial or otherwise, in the passing of the aforesaid resolution except to the extent of
their shareholding, if any, in Company.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025-26           335
Annexure A
DETAILS OF DIRECTOR SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE 9TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF THE COMPANY
(IN PURSUANCE OF REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS AND SS-2 ON GENERAL MEETINGS)

Sl. No Particulars                Details
1.     Name of the Director           Mr Arun Sarin                Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli                 Ms. Shradha Sharma
2.     Category of the Director   Non-Executive Director           Non-Executive Independent             Non-Executive Independent
                                                                   Director                              Women Director
3.     Director Identification 01384344                            00162071                              03557496
       Number (DIN)
4.     Age                     71 years                            67 years                              46 years
5.     Date of first appointment February 26, 2019                 December 6, 2023                      December 6, 2023
       on the Board
6.     Brief Resume of the        Mr. Arun Sarin, is a Non-        Mr. Manoj Kumar Kohli holds a         Ms. Shradha Sharma holds
       Director (Including age    Executive Director of            bachelor’s degree in commerce         a bachelor’s and master’s
       and qualifications)        the Company. He holds            and a master’s degree of              degree in arts and history
                                  a Bachelor's degree in           business administration from the      from St. Stephen’s College,
                                  Technology (Metallurgical        University of Delhi. He has also      Delhi. She has also received
                                  Engineering) from the Indian     received a diploma in training        a post-graduate certificate
                                  Institute of Technology,         and development from the              in design communications
                                  Kharagpur, and Master's          Indian Society for Training and       management from the Mudra
                                  degrees in Science (Materials    Development and a post-graduate       Institute of Communications,
                                  Science and Engineering) and     diploma in personnel management       Ahmedabad. She was
                                  Business Administration from     from the New Delhi YMCA Institute     previously associated with
                                  the University of California,    of Management Studies. He was         Times of India as Brand
                                  Berkeley. He has over four       previously associated with Soft       Advisor and CNBC TV 18
                                  decades of global leadership     Bank Group International as country   as Assistant Vice President.
                                  experience and was previously    head and Bharti Enterprises Limited   She is a co-chair of India S20
                                  the Chief Executive Officer of   as the managing director. He was      initiative under India G20
                                  Vodafone Group Plc.              awarded the Business Leadership       Presidency, and a member of
                                                                   Award in 2008 and 2009.               the National Startup Advisory
                                                                                                         Council.
7.     Experience and nature Mr. Arun Sarin has extensive          He was previously associated with     She was previously
       of expertise in specific global leadership experience       SoftBank Group International          associated with Times of
       functional area          in the telecommunications          as country head and Bharti            India as Brand Advisor and
                                and technology sectors.            Enterprises Limited as the            CNBC TV 18 as Assistant Vice
                                He possesses significant           managing director. He was             President. She is co-chair of
                                expertise in corporate             awarded the Business Leadership       India’s S20 initiative under
                                strategy, business                 Award in 2008 and 2009.               India’s G20 Presidency, and
                                transformation, international                                            a member of the National
                                                                   His broad and diverse experience
                                business management,                                                     Startup Advisory Council
                                                                   will be a valuable contribution
                                governance, mergers and                                                  (NSAC).
                                                                   to the discussions of the Board
                                acquisitions, finance, and risk
                                                                   of Directors.
                                management. He has held
                                senior leadership positions in
                                multinational organisations
                                and brings valuable strategic
                                and board-level experience.
8.     Relationship with other NIL                                 NIL                                   NIL
       Directors and KMP of
       the Company
9.     Shareholding in the        Beneficial owner of 1207711      NIL                                   NIL
       Company including          no. of share holding through
       shareholding as a          Sarin Family India LLC
       beneficial owner




336
10.   Terms and conditions      In terms of Section 152(6)      As per the appointment letter           As per the
      of appointment/re-        of the Act, he is liable to                                             appointment letter.
      appointment               retire by rotation at the
                                meeting and eligible for re-
                                appointment.
11.   Number of Meetings        11 out of 11                    10 out of 11                            11 out of 11
      of the Board attended
      during the year.
12.   Remuneration last         Sitting Fees: INR 0.06 Crores   Sitting Fees: INR 0.12 Crores           Sitting Fees: INR 0.11 Crores
      drawn in financial year
      2025-26
13.   Details of remuneration Eligible for sitting fees as      Eligible for sitting fees as approved   Eligible for sitting fees as
      sought to be paid       approved by the Board             by the Board                            approved by the Board
14.   Directorships held        Directorships:                  Directorships:                          Directorships:
      in other companies
                                1. Ola Financial Services 1. Carnation Acreage                          1. Your Story Media
      including equity
                                   Private Limited           Private Limited                               Private Limited
      listed companies
      and excluding             2. ANI Technologies             2. Inbrew Beverages                     2. Content For Good
      foreign companies            Private Limited                 Private Limited                         Private Limited
      as on the date of
                                3. Krutrim SI Designs           3. Sunsure Energy                       3. Ola Electric
      this Notice
                                   Private Limited                 Private Limited                         Technologies
                                                                                                           Private Limited
                                Listed Companies: Nil           4. Ola Electric Technologies
                                                                   Private Limited                      4. Ola Cell Technologies
                                                                                                           Private Limited
                                                                5. Tonic Media Digital
                                                                   Private Limited                      Listed Companies: Nil
                                                                Listed Companies:
                                                                1. WeWork India
                                                                   Management Ltd
                                                                2. Cemindia Projects Ltd
                                                                3. Exicom Tele-Systems Ltd
                                                      4. Triveni Engineering and
                                                          Industries Ltd
15.   Membership/               Number of memberships Member in Audit Committee                         Number of memberships
      Chairmanships             in Audit/ Stakeholder                                                   in Audit/ Stakeholder
                                                      a) Exicom Tele-Systems Ltd
      of committees             Committee(s) -0                                                         Committee(s) NIL
      in other Indian                                 Member in
                                                                                                        No. of post of
      listed companies                                Stakeholder Committee
                                                                                                        Chairperson in Audit/
      as on the date of
                                                                a) Triveni Engineering and              Stakeholder Committee
      this Notice
                                                                Industries Ltd                          held in listed entities NIL
                                                                Chairman in Audit
                                                                Committee-
                                                                a) WeWork India
                                                                Management Ltd
                                                                b) Cemindia Projects Ltd
                                                                Chairman in
                                                                Stakeholder Committee
                                                                a) Exicom Tele-Systems Ltd




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025-26                  337
16.   Name of the listed NIL                 Unicommerce eSolutions Ltd        NIL
      entities from which
      the person has
      resigned in the past
      three years
17    Skills and            Not Applicable   The Company requires an           The Company requires
      capabilities required                  Independent Director with         an Independent Director
      for the role and the                   experience in business            with experience in
      manner in which                        leadership, strategic planning,   brand building, media,
      the proposed                           technology and digital            communications,
      person meets                           transformation, international     entrepreneurship,
      such requirements                      business and corporate            business strategy and
                                             governance. Mr. Manoj             the start-up ecosystem.
                                             Kumar Kohli has extensive         Ms. Shradha Sharma
                                             leadership experience, having     possesses extensive
                                             previously served as Country      experience in these areas
                                             Head of SoftBank Group            through her associations
                                             International and Managing        with Times of India and
                                             Director of Bharti Enterprises    CNBC TV18, as well as
                                             Limited. He has diverse           her involvement with
                                             experience in technology,         the S20 initiative under
                                             telecommunications,               India’s G20 Presidency
                                             digital businesses, business      and the National Startup
                                             transformation and                Advisory Council.
                                             strategic management.
                                                                               Her experience and
                                             He is also serving as a Non-      understanding of
                                             Executive Independent             entrepreneurship,
                                             Director on the boards of         the start-up
                                             various companies, including      ecosystem, brand
                                             WeWork India Management           and communications,
                                             Limited, Cemindia Projects        together with her
                                             Limited, Exicom Tele-             experience as an
                                             Systems Limited and Triveni       Independent Director
                                             Engineering and Industries        of the Company during
                                             Limited. His broad industry       her first term, enable
                                             experience, strategic             her to provide valuable
                                             perspective and board-level       and independent
                                             experience enable him to          perspectives to the
                                             provide independent and           Board. The Board is
                                             valuable insights to the Board.   of the view that her
                                             The Board is of the view that     continued association
                                             his experience and expertise      will contribute to the
                                             will continue to contribute       Company’s strategic
                                             to the Company’s strategic        direction, governance
                                             direction, governance             and overall growth.
                                             and growth.




338
THANK YOU!




             Annual Report 2025-26   339
